"two young , white males are outside near many bushes ."
several men in hard hats are operating a giant pulley system .
a little girl climbing into a wooden playhouse .
a man in a blue shirt is standing on a ladder cleaning a window .
two men are at the stove preparing food .
a man in green holds a guitar while the other man observes his shirt .
a man is smiling at a stuffed lion
a trendy girl talking on her cellphone while gliding slowly down the street .
a woman with a large purse is walking by a gate .
boys dancing on poles in the middle of the night .
a ballet class of five girls jumping in sequence .
four guys three wearing hats one not are jumping at the top of a staircase .
a black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
a man in a neon green and orange uniform is driving on a green tractor .
several women wait outside in a city .
a lady in a black top with glasses is sprinkling powdered sugar on a bundt cake .
a little girl is sitting in front of a large painted rainbow .
a man lays on the bench to which a white dog is also tied .
five people are sitting in a circle with instruments .
a bunch of elderly women play their clarinets together as they read off sheet music .
a large structure has broken and is laying in a roadway .
a large crowd of people stand outside in front of the entrance to a metro station .
a man getting a tattoo on his back .
two children sit on a small seesaw in the sand .
a man wearing a reflective vest and a hard hat holds a flag in the road
"a person dressed in a blue coat is standing in on a busy sidewalk , studying painting of a street scene ."
a man in green pants walking down the road .
the small child climbs on a red ropes on a playground .
you know i am looking like justin bieber .
a young man in a black and yellow jacket is gazing at something and smiling .
a man standing at a urinal with a coffee cup .
five people walking with a multicolored sky in the background .
a old man having a beer alone .
a trained police dog sits next to his handler in front of the police van .
a person riding a bike on a snowy road .
"five men , uniformly dressed in white shirts , tie and black slacks converse at the back of an open van ."
a man with a backwards hat works on machinery .
a black woman and a white man working in a factory setting packing jars with candles into boxes .
asian man sweeping the walkway .
"a man leans into a car to talk to the driver , as a man on a bicycle looks on ."
two young toddlers outside on the grass .
people are watching a person in a weird vehicle in a plaza .
a man walks by a silver vehicle .
a beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her new husband .
a little boy playing gamecube at a mcdonald 's  .
a white dog shakes on the edge of a beach with an orange ball .
a group of people having a barbecue at a park .
a man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman in a black and white blouse .
a man with a balloon hat and people eating outdoors at picnic tables .
a boy jump kicking over three kids kicking wood during a tae kwon do competition .
a boy in a red jacket pouring water on a man in a white shirt
a man with a red jacket is shielding himself from the sun trying to read a piece of paper .
men walking down a street with children .
a little boy is standing on the street while a man in overalls is working on a stone wall .
a black dog leaps over a log .
"a man in a suit is running past two other gentleman , also dressed in a suit ."
man in a red shirt riding his bicycle around water .
a barefooted man wearing olive green shorts grilling hotdogs on a small propane grill while holding a blue plastic cup .
a dog is running in the snow
a crowd is standing and waiting for the green light .
man on skis looking at artwork for sale in the snow
seven climbers are ascending a rock face whilst another man stands holding the rope .
the young gymnast 's  supple body soars above the balance beam .
a young boy is pushing a toy atv around a rubber pool
woman in red windbreaker looking though a rooftop binoculars at the city below .
a man is standing in front of a small red object that looks like a plane .
a dog is playing with a hose .
a man and a little girl happily posing in front of their cart in a supermarket .
a white dog is about to catch a yellow dog toy .
guy in green shirt with hand covering part of his face in restaurant booth .
a black and white dog jumps up towards a yellow toy .
two hikers resting by a patch of snow .
a man showing off his new wooden creation .
a elderly father and his grown son are preparing for a camping trip in the wild .
a bearded traveler in a red shirt sitting in a car and reading a map .
a young boy waves his hand at the duck in the water surrounded by a green park .
a couple sit on the grass with a baby and stroller .
some men standing in front of a building next to a parked car .
the black dog runs through the water .
a man is drilling through the frozen ice of a pond .
two large tan dogs play along a sandy beach .
a person in blue and red ice climbing with two picks .
three people walking on a path in a meadow .
"a man in black attire shovels snow into the street , disregarding all public safety ."
a couple stands behind their wedding cake .
a wet black dog is carrying a green toy through the grass .
villagers selling their crops at the market .
in a crowded concert a man in white is approaching the main singer who is wearing a yellow shirt .
a boy jumps on his skateboard while a crowd watches
a man and a baby are in a yellow kayak on water .
"two people are sitting on a bench , and one women is standing by them ."
a construction site on a street with three men working .
"two men sitting on a bench talking , with a billboard advertisement for glasses in the background ."
a group of youths march down the street waving flags showing the color spectrum .
three old men are watching another man prepare fish .
"a woman in a white tank top with a green flowing skirt , on stage singing a song ."
two men and two women sitting on steps outdoors .
a brown and black lab are outside and the black lab is catching a toy in its mouth .
"hockey goalie boy in red jacket crouches by goal , with stick ."
the man with the backpack is sitting in a buildings courtyard in front of an art sculpture reading .
toddler boy in a red hat holding on to some railings .
three dogs stand in a grassy field while a person kneels nearby .
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
a woman is walking her baby with a stroller at the local park .
a man in a red shirt is sitting by fruit for sale .
a young blond-haired boy and a dark-haired girl are eating at a kid 's  table .
the boy eats his food outside at the table .
a man wearing black is playing an electric guitar at a concert .
a girl playing softball hits the ball almost directly downwards
a man in a black shirt plays a black-colored guitar .
a man wearing a black shirt smoothing out concrete in an urban area .
a woman in a white shirt is sitting at a table in a nice restaurant .
a woman is laying on a red blanket in a park .
a solitary man stand on a bridge in the evening .
a child walks in a grassy field .
a man and his dog are grilling green beans on a grill .
three people rest on a ledge above the moutains .
many people cross a very tall footbridge with a tree-covered hill in the background .
a young boy overlooking a crowd of inflatable boats .
two little girls and an old man have a conversation .
"asian man and blond woman holding hands outdoors , man in background watches ."
an older man with gray hair is sitting in a chair playing a large instrument made of bamboo .
a man in a white shirt rides a bicycle on a busy street .
a man is standing on a ladder painting bricks
a 30 somethings man playing with his phone on a subway train .
two women are walking in a crosswalk with a bus in the background .
a group of people are eating noddles .
a woman is carrying a bowl full of fruit on her head near the ocean side .
a guy wearing blue in a hole .
four children are smiling as they pose together with a bicycle that is much too big for them .
"two individuals , a male and a female , standing in a forested area around a tub ."
a sleeping baby is in someone 's  arms and wearing a pink striped outfit
a member of an african tribe is watching the camera intently in tribal dress .
a samurai warrior in full black dress takes his sword from the sheath on an outdoor training mat .
several young people sitting on a rail above a crowded beach .
"five hikers , one facing towards the camera and the others facing away from it , are walking through a rocky riverbed ."
"a security guard stands by a metal , lighted sculpture ."
"two women , one in green and the other in purple , washing a sidewalk ."
two girls crouch in front of some bushes and talk on their phones .
a young girl wearing a multicolored holding an orange ball in her right hand walking through bright green grass behind a house
a young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor .
a little boy skateboarder is doing a trick on his board while another young skateboarder watches .
two kids are laughing in the grass .
"young woman holding a bottle , reaching out from a bench to shake a man 's  hand ."
a driver communicating on his walkie talkie .
"a girl paddling down a large river , as seen from behind her ."
a girl with pigtails plays in the water .
a couple wearing white sweaters sit at a restaurant table .
a meal is on a table in a restaurant .
two construction workers take a seat on a steel beam .
a child happily mixing batter in a bowl .
two children play with a balloon in mud on a sunny day .
a little girl looking at a brochure on train rides
two women are sitting and talking and laughing together .
people jogging together on a park sidewalk .
a little kid is jumping off a high dive at the pool .
a light-colored dog runs on the beach .
a man lounges in a wooden basin of water while eating a fruit .
a man is sleeping on a bench near a bus stop .
a little girl in a red shirt and jeans climbs a small tree while another little girl looks on .
a man asleep in a car that 's  driving .
a woman in a red shirt is under a blanket and sleeping in a vehicle .
a man in a home kitchen is flipping a pancake extremely high .
several firefighters are responding to an alarm .
several firefighters stand outside of a building near their firetrucks .
"a beach with blue and red boats , with people on shore"
men wearing hard hats and safety vests are working .
a magazine vendor sits behind a very colorful collage of magazines .
a man in a hard hat is wearing a blue shirt and blue jean overalls .
"at the bakery , the fat old baker sleeps while his apprentice rubs the flour out of his eyes , seated beside him ."
a group of shirtless men are sitting in the shade on a tropical beach .
a boy in his blue swim shorts at the beach .
a skier is overlooking a snow-covered mountain .
a boy wearing a red shirt is riding his bike right next to a mound of dirt .
bikers in a bike race take a sharp left turn .
three boys playing and biking with a pile of sand in the middle
elderly man with a cane bends over near a man and woman .
a doctor and nurses in blue scrubs are performing an operation .
a black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy .
a woolly dog chases a doberman on a beach .
a man stand there after rolling a bowling ball down a lane .
"an old weathered , bearded man wearing all black , riding a beautiful white donkey on white rocks ."
a man and woman napping on a blue couch .
a man wearing a yellow shirt is throwing a javelin on a track .
a crowd watching air balloons at night .
a woman is reading a magazine over another woman 's  shoulder .
two men squat to light candles at night .
a young man is walking through a busy street beside a mall .
the little boy rides his bicycle in a race .
a group of people sitting at a table in a darkened room .
a man with two dogs on a beach
a boy covered in suds has his face wiped clean .
dozens of people are partying on a boat .
a young woman on a boat in a light colored bikini kicks a man wearing a straw cowboy hat .
a boy sliding down a slide into a pool with colorful tubes .
a man in a wetsuit is throwing a toddler up in the air and is ready to catch him .
"a group of people riding in the back of a truck , down the road , in a country area ."
two chefs prepare burgers in a restaurant kitchen .
two young boys making silly faces .
a person with brown pants is sitting around a fenced area that has sparks flying .
woman on a hill by a white cross overlooking a beach .
four girls are sitting in the grass while several men stand near them .
men at work shoveling snow from a rail track .
"a man , and girl and two horses are near a contained fire ."
workers wearing reflective vests working near a train car .
"an older guy looking at a classic , rustic , volkswagen beetle ."
a woman assembles a white metal frame on the sidewalk .
there are three dogs starring at a ball in the middle of them .
a shirtless man and a woman sitting on a dock .
men in safety vests are working on a track .
a man fixing the road with his equipment .
a woman with reddish hair applies mascara to her eyelashes .
a white dog has its head on the ground .
a woman in blue shorts and a white shirt is indoor rock climbing .
many scooters are parked together on the sidewalk .
the regional park police helicopter is preparing to land .
a man in a reflective jacket positions himself on scaffolding .
a group of fourteen is assembled in a hall with dining tables and a stage .
a teenage boy is jumping on an inflatable slide .
a family playing on a tractor on a beautiful day
an elderly woman pan frying food in a kitchen .
two young people are approached by a flamboyant young woman dressed in a red bikini and a red feathered headress .
two skiers are making their way through woodland .
skiiers at the top of a snow covered hill .
a brown dog running next to grass .
"a woman in a green shirt and jeans kneels on a stoop with coffee in hand , her purse beside her and a large door behind her , as she fills out paperwork ."
people are crossing a city street intersection .
a woman dressed in light purple and wearing a corsage clasps her hands in her lap .
a mother and children is fishing on a boardwalk at night .
six males playing a game in the sand with wooden paddles .
"a woman in a green tank top is surrounded by three children , laughing ."
"a male in a black shirt , and black pants , working on the engine of an old , green antique automobile , with a yellow gas canister sitting on the grass ."
a woman in a blue jacket rides a brown pony near water .
two horses pull a carriage driven by a woman over snow covered ground .
a person climbing down a sheer rock cliff using a rope
the group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain .
a woman standing in front of a chalk drawing
"three young adults are sitting around , with the girl pretending to kick one of the guys in the face while laughing , and the guy behind him looks like he 's  in midsentence ."
a group of kids in class with their hands in the air .
a man wearing swimming trunks jumps off a concrete platform into a large body of water .
woman meticulously working with a sewing machine .
a lady in a white t-shirt is looking toward the person with their arm raised in the air .
a girl working at a farm market selling peppers .
an elderly women is sitting in a chair with a cane in her hand .
a boy has blown four bubbles on the lawn .
a little boy playing in the water .
dog running out of tunnel on obstacle course
a yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt .
two men barbecuing at a beach .
"a little girl in a flower print bathing suit , jumping into the ocean ."
little girl in blue swimsuit standing on a handrail near a beach .
a young asian boy sits on a railing behind a row of colorful hats
a white and black dog is jumping into a pool .
the boys smiles underwater at the pool .
two people having a discussion sitting in a restaurant .
several people are taking a break while on a snowmobiling ride .
two people working on removing snow from a roof .
a young man wearing a black shirt takes a folding chair from a large stack .
a woman is walking at dusk down an urban street .
a little girl with brown hair is blowing the petals off of a flower .
three people on atv 's  outside .
a man on a four wheeler is flying through the air .
a man on a four-wheeler jumps near a small building .
a woman with dark hair wearing a bikini is sitting on a beach .
"two hands are flipping some food in a cast iron pan , with a spatula ."
"two women hugging in a grassy , fenced field with a cow 's  behind in the background ."
a large ship approaching the dock with two men awaiting its arrival .
a man in sandals and white cardigan sits on a green bench while talking on his cellphone .
a man on stage singing into a microphone .
three guys riding on an elephant with a house-like structures and trees in the background .
a mexican man sits under the hood of his truck .
a boy in yellow glasses and red-haired girl pose for the camera .
a group of people gather and holding different types of flags .
a white baby boy crying over a tipped over toy .
small boy carries a soccer ball on a field .
a woman is watching as a guy is scooping ice cream from a freezer .
a group of people are sitting on stools eating some food
"people are standing around an american flag that is spread out , facing the wrong direction ."
a young girl painting a picture .
a cyclist is riding a bicycle on a curved road up a hill .
a little girl in a denim jacket running through a field .
man in blue shirt and black pants is looking at his thumb on one hand while holding glasses in his other hand .
a couple kissing while going up the escalator .
"a soccer player in a green uniform with a ball in is hands is being held up by some of his teammates , while an opposing player in red reaches for the ball ."
men are constructing a wall in the desert .
a young group of friends adorned with face paint and feathered headbands sit on a bench .
the lady has a black sling bag .
a man in a black jacket is standing with a group of people behind him .
a black dog jumping to catch a rope toy
a young girl is looking through an old fashioned video camera .
girl in odd clothes reading a brochure while sitting on a wooden porch .
a man dressed in a funky outfit is playing guitar .
a hockey goalie is trying to prevent a goal from the opposing team .
an adult and a child walk along the beach during the day .
a man in an apron sits on a curb .
a brown and white dog jumping up to catch a frisbee while an audience watches .
two tennis players are talking on the tennis courts .
two jugglers using flaming torches are performing for a crowd of people who are sitting on steps .
two children running with no shoes on .
a baby is sitting on and playing with smooth rocks .
a boy in a gap hat is making a silly face .
"five men , one wearing a white shirt standing on something , hanging up a picture of a child ."
a person in a hat is playing with a boy on a beach .
a girl in a green speedo top and blue goggles holds her breath underwater .
boys on a motor-scooter riding down a busy urban street .
two ladies and a man playing a card game and drinking beer .
people enjoy a gathering with pabst blue ribbon and diet coke .
"man with red shoes , white shirt and gray pants climbing ."
a rock climber climbs a large rock .
a little girl playing in water on a frog sculpture .
a dog is running on the beach .
people sitting in a restaurant eating and one is reading the paper .
a girl wearing a red short and a white shirt looking through a hole .
black and white bird standing on hand of someone holding sunflower seeds
a woman in a white shirt and pink skirt is about to hit a tennis ball .
a dog is standing in the sand .
this is a man standing on a rooftop with construction in the background .
a man looks through a large camera-like device in a field near a camper and some parked vehicles .
a little boy stands in the surf .
a woman in muslim attire is walking with a young boy down the street .
the small dog is running across the lawn .
a woman is jogging on a sidewalk next to an elevated grassy platform .
a man in red pants jumping on a park table .
a dog with its mouth open running through a field torwards the camera .
smiling little girl swimming in outdoor pool .
a bike sitting in a street with a rope tied to it and a guy walking on the rope .
a man and child on a ship doing maintenance .
a small child doing a handstand on a bed .
men wearing orange safety vest are working on street repairs .
a man with a safety vest is kneeling down and cleaning the bricks .
workman are completing repairs on a city street .
man is standing on white sand and holding a snowboard .
a man in an orange vest standing atop a building .
a guy in a yellow shirt and light brown slacks is playing golf while the crowd watch .
a young girl in a karate uniform holding a large trophy .
a kid with floaters jumping into a lake .
a woman in pink cuts a hamburger with a spatula .
a boy in a dirty shirt is walking through knee-high ocean water .
a man standing beside the back of a nude statue .
a little toddler dressed in white is smiling while a lady helps him wave a flag .
a person stands on a structure on the lake .
a young man in a gray jacket stands behind the counter of a jewelery store and smiles .
people walking up and down the steps to a church .
a number of children enjoy themselves on the coast of a city .
a female works out near the ocean side .
two men are working on a carpentry project with hand tools .
a woman and two girls dressed in pink .
"a man in a black suit and briefcase hurrying somewhere , while talking on his cellphone ."
a brunette woman walking down a street with a cup .
a bald little boy holds a chicken while two men are sitting in the background .
a man sitting on a wall and looking at a body of water .
two dogs run through the water with a rope in their mouths .
a boy strolls by a pond in a park .
"blond child with large black coat , multicolored scarf , and knit hat standing in front of a window ."
"brown dog with tennis ball in mouth , in water and bushes ."
two brown dogs runs through the water .
a girl blowing bubbles in the swimming pool .
"a pile of seaweed sits on the sand , behind it a big black dog is running in the water ."
a young boy runs while wearing sandals .
a brown and white dog stands outside while it snows .
someone working on a project using a jigsaw cutting machine .
a women 's  roller derby team taking a break .
a boy jumps from one bed to another .
a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of two beds that a boy is jumping on in the background
a young man holding a huge chainsaw .
a man on a motorcycle without a shirt and another man standing under shade .
"three people enter a building with a handwritten sign that says  "" welcome bikers. "" "
a man is putting up a wall .
a brown-haired woman looks at a baby eating something .
"a line of people , some standing and some sitting , are waiting on a platform for a train ."
"two skiers stand , two sit on slopes ."
people strolling in a mall with colorful decorations hanging from the ceiling .
a female blacksmith is shoeing a horse .
the child in the green one piece suit is walking past a store window .
a group of girls are cheering .
a man is inside a truck looking out with his left arm in front of a door .
a child getting out of the car wearing soccer shoes .
"a white , young man in dreadlocks and a green kilt is sitting on a couch smiling ."
a man in a blue shirt is kissing a woman with blond-hair on the cheek .
a man and women are posing for the camera and looking very happy together .
two children play on the path in a park .
a very colorful bus is pulled off to the side of the road as its passengers load .
a smiling woman holds a person dressed in a pig costume .
a woman wearing a blue helmet rides her bicycle in a parking lot .
a little girl wearing a green dress is standing in front of puddle .
a man wearing a helmet riding his bicycle down the street .
young boy and an older man waiting to check out .
two people take in the scene as they stand together looking out over the canyon .
a lady wearing a helmet holding a bike .
a young man standing in front of a red freight car holding a camera and taking a photo .
a person in blue shorts and wearing a walkman jogs .
a man and a woman play on a tree while others look on .
a group of young people are in a garage
three men are looking at a sign on a cross in a canyon .
a young lady sits in front of a fence with a bucket .
"the woman tries to hide from work under a black sweatshirt , but her red corduroy pants give her away ."
a young man cleaning a statue with a brush .
two young men clutch rags in their hands as a elderly man tells them how to clean the large cross .
a woman sits on a man 's  shoulders using a heavy brush as a hammer .
group setting up a wooden cross near a large boulder .
a young boy picks up a paintbrush and grins .
four men in white shirts and baseball caps sitting around a table .
a boy looking at a chopped log .
man with gray hair telling a story to a group of younger people on a bench .
two people are standing in a field holding some books .
a person doing a skateboard flip next to a black trashcan .
a man standing on a railroad track looking through his binoculars at a river .
numerous people sitting on the ground near a straw hut .
a kid may be playing soccer while in a suit .
people on bicycles waiting at an intersection .
a construction worker is building scaffolding for the job .
a little baby dressed in green and yellow wearing a bib cries .
a shirtless man leading a horse that is pulling a carriage .
a guy standing outside with no shirt on looking up at the building .
the young girl is swinging high above the ground on a nice summer day .
a young man does a skateboard trick off of a concrete bench .
the man is holding the net for the boy playing baseball .
an elderly man crouches to lift the covering off the grill wear several shish kabab are grilling .
a man wearing a black shirt and goggles is running along the street
a five person surgical team is about to perform an operation in a hospital .
a boy standing at the beach holding a blue pale and a green shovel .
a small girl spins in the waves in the bright sun .
"three people sitting outside on small rocks behind a big bush , wearing long pants ."
a man with a pitchfork stands near a bucket of branches across from an apartment complex .
a groundskeeper has collected a bucket full of sticks .
black and white dog looking at camera with man bent over in the background .
a man wearing suspenders in standing on a train .
two men and two women are preparing a large meal in the kitchen .
girl learning about animals at the zoo .
a group of friends are fishing off the loading ramp
a mother and son read a book about dinosaurs together .
"two women , sitting at a table , with a green straw inside of a drink ."
a little boy in overalls crying .
three men are setting up a sledge on a snowy plain .
a person is sitting behind two large baskets of bread .
a man in an pilot uniform is walking down the sidewalk carrying luggage .
people walking along a river near a beautiful homestead .
a female swimmer wearing a swim cap and nose clips moves slowly through the water is seen from below .
four men sitting and working on laptops .
a man in a baseball cap cleans out a blue colored pit outside where colorful christmas lights hang above him .
a girl sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume
a female washes her medium-sized dog outdoors in a plastic container while a friend secures it with a leash .
a kid jumping into a pool of water .
"child in black jacket , red pants and fleece had sleeps on a red jacket ."
the old man in the brown hat is sitting on the bench .
"three kids on a grass field , one of them searching for food in her mom 's  purse ."
a black man operates an orange crane .
three girls walk under an arbor on a path surrounded by trees .
a beach is full of many people .
people are gathered around and walking buy a display of clothing and other items .
man paddling a boat on a river near the bank .
two women stand together holding a pot and a pan of food .
a young girl wearing yellow flip-flops is sitting on a large boulder .
blond woman driving a red bicycle carriage holds the tip of her hat and poses for the camera with a customer seated in the back .
a young boy in a flowered apron is helping his mother cook .
a young man is presenting another woman with a cake with three candles on top .
the woman with the hat is selling some fruits and root crops .
person wearing a hooded jacket sitting on snow in front of a yellow tent .
two dogs are wrestling in a grassy field .
a man in a safety vest is kneeling down and working on a train .
five construction workers dig a hole to plant a tree .
a man in a red shirt is giving toys to a small dog .
old lady sitting in a room full of flowers .
5 athletes wearing white tops and white bottoms are doing a routine for an audience .
construction workers standing outside looking at wires above them .
a happy young boy sits in a chair with a large elmo doll .
a child is brushing an infant 's  hair .
young man showing off by performing a karate move for surprised girl .
a man eating in a messy kitchen .
a teenage boy has a silver ring protruding from his nose .
this man is smiling very big at the camera .
a group of young people are playing in a fountain of water .
a woman throwing a frisbee on a beach .
the dark brown dog is playing with the light brown dog .
a guy wearing protective gear is welding a steel beam .
"man in orange shorts builds a sand castle , combining multiple pictures into one resulting in four copies of him ."
two men and a dog are standing among rolling green hills .
a group of people walking on a street in front of an amc building .
a white male wearing glasses is blowing a bubble in a house .
an adult shows a young child a fencing outfit which is set up on a tree .
a big dog catches a ball on his nose
a man and two women wearing all black act out a scene in front of a building with steps .
two children wearing jeans squirt water at each other .
a tan colored dog is jumping into an outdoor pool .
people sitting in a circle with a book in the middle .
"couple , man and woman , with little girl all of them dressed in wedding apparel while standing along shoreline ."
lots of people walking under a awning of pink and white balloons
a line of six children in bathing suits prepare to leap into a swimming pool .
two bakery employees wearing red aprons are preparing food .
a little child with a red cap and a duck are in the grass .
parents are pushing little children in red car carts .
one man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps .
three boys wearing florida marlins hats .
a family coming back from shopping and a gentlemen is reading his newspaper to the side of the street .
two women holding hands in the air while jumping .
a woman carries a child in her arm and holds another child 's  hand as they walk outside next to a building .
a dog walks through a field .
a busy street with lots of people standing around talking and two are holding bikes .
colored woman rolling a bowling ball down an alley .
"a soccer player in a red uniform goes after the ball , fending off a player in white ."
a group of people walking down a trail in the woods .
three children are playing with a red ball in a park .
a little boy kicking a rubber ball .
this picture of a man reading is tilted .
a man on a ladder wearing blue jacket and a blue jeans
three road workers in orange jackets and pants clean up with a wheelbarrow .
a man on stilts stands in front of a line of drummers .
"a young guy , probably in his early twenties , shows off his culinary skills with pride ."
terrier dog playing with toy on blanket
a dog running across a grassy field with a stick in its mouth .
a boy with glasses and plaid shirt reads a book .
a young man looks at a book on the ground in a wooded area .
2 men stand in line at a restaurant .
several children sit on a carnival ride in front of the face of a clown and several fake balloons .
a woman with dirty blond-hair and glasses is cutting something .
"a man wearing a ball cap and a blue t-shirt rides a white horse down a dirt road through lush , green nature ."
a middle-aged woman cooking while her dog watches .
redhead woman in pigtails and glasses sewing on a sewing machine .
two men in a room looking at a computer screen .
a gray dog runs along side a pool while a yellow dog jumps into the pool .
a child is sliding down a hill on a sled .
a man and a woman locking arms (wearing expensive clothing) next to glass display (perhaps retail stores) on the sidewalk in an urban setting .
two workers toil in a smelting factory .
an old woman sits in a transit station next to a backlit advertisement .
people waiting outside a building next to a mural .
three people push a piece of large machinery through the street .
a man wearing a sleeveless shirt and construction helmet .
a man with a beard and a hat is begging for money from people .
the girl on the unicycle reaches out for the child on the scooter .
skiers get caught on the dusty slopes and almost fall down and break their legs .
"a man wearing a plastic bib with a crab on it , holds up a wooden hammer ."
a man jumps off of a small stone bridge while three children and a woman watch him .
person sitting on concrete landing next to body of water
a man playing a guitar while a couple is listening and watching another man dancing to the music .
some construction workers are taking a break .
a woman in a bright green sweater is playing with a dragon puppet a garden .
large amount of people sitting up against the walls of buildings .
a child hold green shoes is walking in the sand by the water .
a wedding day with the bride in a bright white beautiful dress
a person wearing a purple jacket stands behind a tall tree .
customers are waiting for service at a takeout window .
a woman with a floral shirt and purse and a man with a black shirt are walking while another man walks behind them .
bird 's  eye view of a man ascending a staircase outdoors .
men and women wearing white swim caps giving each other piggyback rides .
a family is sitting outside enjoying themselves in a park area .
a brunette woman is sitting in a blue folding chair and reading at the beach .
commuters rush to get on the late train .
a baby and a young child are sitting together in a highchair .
a group of worshipers hold their services in a public park .
a man is sitting in front of a computer monitor holding a keyboard and looking at the camera .
a child is laying down on a wooden bench .
"surrounded by spectators , a man in a red shirt , white pants and visor , swings a golf club ."
two men are discussing sometime near a wall with some graffiti on it .
"some people with black belts , or black and red belts , are performing martial arts on a green mat ."
a female martial arts student demonstrates with a weapon while others watch .
several young adults performing in martial arts clothing .
a young women sits at a vending stall labeled ice creams and programs .
a boy poses for a picture and in the background a man is hanging by a rope .
two people are sitting with their backs facing cotton candy .
a girl in a yellow dress with the sun shining on her face
eight gentlemen are working with stone &amp; tile .
2 women wearing brightly colored clothes are sitting next to a dirt road on a rock having a conversation while they 're watching the field .
two men in black eating a sandwich .
"closeup of a man in a bar , holding his glasses slanted in front of his face ."
a boy is sitting on rectangular blocks .
"a child is playing in the street , doing a cartwheel ."
a man is sitting behind a hard wood counter .
a man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket .
a man in a yellow jumpsuit rowing a boat with a bird in front .
a male with a hat is juggling four balls .
a person in a black hat is holding multicolored juggling pins .
"five people are sitting around a table , outside , playing a card game ."
family sitting on a bench near the beach .
a man and a woman can prepare meals at camp together .
the four hikers walked up the gravel road .
two african american makes play their trumpets in a major city with onlookers watching .
people at a distance trying to climb a cliff .
two police officers look at a house from a distance with binoculars .
a group of children in brown outfits are performing .
two young male hikers using a map and compass to find their direction in the woods .
two men on the side of a barge
"three children , baby in the center , sit in an outdoor swing chair ."
a child stands ready with a baseball mitt .
two girls standing on grass face each other .
group of people walking on the heavy snow .
two workers that are working on the side of a street in neon yellow vests .
city workers fixing concrete on a road .
a construction crew working at several spots on the road .
a man with red-hair working on his bicycle .
a woman sitting on a bench in front of a large painting .
a young boy plays on a swing .
two men in the woods using a chainsaw to cut some trees .
construction workers work on a road into the night .
a man wearing a black jacket is playing guitar .
group of people standing or sitting outside of a cafe .
a man with a guitar is sitting on a bench outside with three other people sitting by him .
a man and a woman fish from a boat .
a young child holds a spoon to its mouth while sitting in a chair .
a man in a tan fisherman 's  cap puts lip balm on a woman in a boat .
a man adjusts the knobs on a large sound mixing board .
a woman in a striped shirt and black hair stands facing some booths .
a black dog and a brown dog playing in tall weeds .
a man in a red and white checked shirt plays in a park .
two men take measurements of a wall at an open construction site .
a man in a white shirt is playing tennis .
a brown dog jumping in the air on a brown plain .
a young woman standing on a window ledge of brick building while child looks on .
"two teenage girls , one wearing a white jersey and the other wearing a red jersey , playing soccer ."
a young baby sucking a binky asleep in a chair .
"a man pulling a fancy rickshaw along a waterway smiles and gives the  "" thumbs up ""  sign ."
a closeup of a child on a playground with adult supervision .
a man in a red shirt pins a younger man in a white shirt to a blue padded mat .
these men are practicing martial arts .
women and men in a different country looking like they are clapping
a woman shops at a farmers market .
people walk around and mingle in a large open space with a dog .
two women wearing hats covered in flowers are posing .
the little girl is riding in a brown horse .
a teenage boy is talking to a group of teenage girls .
a man is sitting at an outside bar near many soda and beer cans .
three people stand outside around two grills where meat is being cooked .
an asian family is picnicking at the beach while others play in the water .
two men in tall hats frown at the camera
three people sit on wood benches set on white and orange tile .
the man is wearing a white shirt and sunglasses .
a group of three individuals are working in a cluttered office setting .
a boy in a wetsuit jumps into a pool with a bald man .
a boy is diving off a diving board into a swimming pool .
two emergency responders are at the scene of an incident .
a man creating a clay object at a potters wheel .
people having a barbecue by the beach .
a woman is holding a little girl who is trying to catch bubbles .
two men are hanging out and grilling
a woman playing a guitar in front of a group of people standing outside .
two dogs are playing together on green grass .
an artist consults the plan for her section of an elaborate chalk drawing on a sidewalk .
"a man at work , butchering a cow ."
a man with a large feather in his hat rides a horse .
"two persons carry a large , inflatable bottle , past a young woman and a parked white car ."
these girls are in uniforms and are playing field hockey .
a white and tan dog leaps through the air .
a woman in the middle of throwing a bowling ball in a bowling alley .
one man is playing the drums while another is singing karaoke .
a brown horse stands near a black horse that is sitting on the ground .
a kid looking over a carnival booth counter at the various toys .
a man sleeps in a hammock next to water and a boat .
eleven little girls posing as a team in a pool .
a man in a gray and black sweater is sitting on a stool in front of a group of cages .
a very unusually dressed man sitting beside an ice cream cooler .
a man in a brown shirt is sitting on the sidewalk and playing a guitar .
a little girl with a tiara eating in someones lap .
a black and brown dog is laying on a white shaggy carpet .
the three girls sat on the beach .
a little boy looks at his reflection in a burnished marble wall .
men and women on bikes stop to look at something .
a little girl in pink dances with her hands on her hips .
a man and woman enjoy a cigarette outside of a shop .
an asian city at night with a large number of people walking around .
a woman wearing a blue jacket reaching out to a child .
a man dressed as a cook enjoys a meal and bottle of wine in an empty restaurant .
a man with facial hair in white clothes eating a steak .
three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class chinese restaurant .
a man sits on a rock .
"a young girl in a yellow dance , dancing on a stage with a baseball field in the background ."
the kids play in the wooded area near the water .
a girl in a pink shirt lies on her back in the grass .
a couple holds a sign that reads teaching children for peace .
three people wearing colorful costumes and masks sitting between two stone statues .
a man on bicycle riding down a rocky hill .
three young girls dance on the beach in the sand .
young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball .
a snarling brown and black dog corners a brown long-haired cat under a wooden bench .
many people are standing and are watching something .
"2 people sit barefoot in a tent , one with a beer and one lounging playing a guitar ."
a man in shorts is chopping wood outside a teepee .
one boy in a striped shirt and one girl in a green shirt each riding on bicycles with training wheels .
an adult and a child sitting on a police motorcycle .
a man with no shirt on and a hat is using a hammer and anvil .
a woman in black is playing a cello type instrument .
"two men in a wooden boat , one wearing yellow and one wearing black , traveling on a smooth body of water ."
a young man with ginger hour is playing a game of pool .
a man in a red outfit is riding a red motorbike uphill on a motocross circuit .
a woman giving a blond-haired toddler a drink from a cup .
six women are sitting at a table together in front of a bookshelf .
people walk by a display of underwear hanging in a stall .
two bicyclists pose by a stream for a picture .
two children are standing on a green metal fence .
a young boy wearing a clever black and white shirt with his head bowed down
a truck has just crashed into the back of another truck .
two restaurant employees exchange a plate of food under a mongolian bbq neon sign .
two boys playing in the water wearing shorts .
a green john deere tractor in a field pulling a red trailer .
two children are playing on a makeshift barrel swing .
"a varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street , with lots of bicycles on display ."
two people do jumping jacks on the beach
there are about a dozen of men in work clothes that are getting directions for a task .
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .
the lady in the red car is crossing the bridge .
a girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench .
a man in a plaid shirt connecting his black laptop to his microscope .
a man is painting on a sidewalk in the city .
a girl in a white shirt is sitting on a park bench with a dog next to her .
a man riding a bike wearing a green shirt with a drink in his hand .
a man is playing a small guitar-like instrument and singing into a microphone .
the women with shorts has her hand placed on a white car .
a person is standing with one leg propped up with an object with a blue line in his left hand .
kids playing at a playground on a stack of tires
a man in red snow gear looks at an expanse of snow and mountains .
"a man wearing a wife-beater , sitting around fruit in a low budget market ."
a boy in a red hat and black shirt is skateboarding near a red and white striped curb .
a young child is climbing a rock wall in all his protective gear .
asian woman in white shirt standing away from the crowd behind her .
a woman on a subway is falling asleep .
a female athlete ties the laces of one of her cleats on the field .
a man in yellow and green shorts jumping in a living room .
young girl stirs a pot with a spoon in the kitchen while wearing a large black blanket .
several travelers either standing or sitting on what appears to be a subway car .
a boy experiencing and exhibit at the museum .
a male gymnast leaps over a stack of wooden platforms .
a dog trots across the ground with a large stick in his mouth .
man wearing protective eye gear performs a science experiment while woman watches .
a tall man stirring a pot of food on a stove .
a woman is being interviewed at her dining table .
a woman with long brunette hair and a beige hoodie is standing near cabinets .
a man with gloves works in a lab .
a boy laying on the grass face down with a football at his feet .
a woman realigns her sock in a messy park .
boy and his family celebrating his birthday with a brightly lit cake .
a man driving a green miniature train .
a man in a white t-shirt is smiling as looking at something .
a man is pouring drinks at a table .
two black dogs are trotting through an empty public area .
a girl in a green shirt jumps in the air .
about 12 kids and a few adults get splashed by an off-camera source .
an old man in traditional costume seems to be in a cheerful mood .
a female with blond-hair is cutting a watermelon on a marble countertop .
people are standing on a platform to board a train .
a little boy wearing a blue baseball cap is sitting on a dock overlooking the water .
groups of people observe fish in a large tank .
four people walking across thick snow during a sunset .
a waiter presenting an order to the kitchen staff .
a woman in a teal shirt and a beige cardigan looks away from the board game she is sitting in front of .
people waiting in line for their favorite beverage .
a military or police officer stands by as people pass in a public square .
a woman in a red dress covers another woman 's  eyes .
a woman reading a newspaper and a man in a green jacket riding a train .
a man standing and cheering amongst a stadium of others sitting .
a man without a shirt is walking on top of lots of rocks .
a boy in a red sweater running on the beach
a couple walking at a gathering with a balloon in the air behind them .
a man in a black hat walks down the street .
a man is standing on a street holding a sign .
the man on the beach looking for stuff with metal detector .
a young boy wearing a blue t-shirt holds up an odd-looking object for inspection while standing among trees .
two young children are standing in hall .
the waterskier does a flip behind a boat .
a small boy is sitting on a bench next to a large jelly bean mascot .
two people are wakeboarding in the water and are being pulled by a boat .
a man sprinkles seasonings on his barbecue in front of foliage .
"boy with dark skin , standing on his head with legs spread , at the end of a floating wooden boat ."
two men are playing music on a bench .
two woman in colorful costumes look at a little girl wearing a brown vest .
some children watching fish in a pool .
a backhoe is on top of a pile of rubble from a demolished building .
three boys play with paddles on the beach .
a woman in a light blue jacket is riding a bike .
someone is taking a stroll on their bike .
two people with helmets are riding bikes in front of a building .
two bicyclists riding beside some railroad tracks .
a couple enjoy a beautiful day bicycling on a bike trail wearing bicycling safety helmets and gloves .
women in bike helmets take break from long ride .
"a man wearing a black helmet , blue jacket , and khaki shirts rides his bike on the street next to a red car ."
kid about to go on bike ride with parent
two little boys look back as they walk across a grassy area .
child on a small motorbike near a small pond .
two little blond girls in helmets are sitting on a red atv .
a boy in white plays baseball .
a young boy with his tongue stuck out is climbing onto a wooden platform .
a woman standing at the counter of a takeout window .
a dog wearing a blue harness stands in the snow and pants .
a woman is standing next to a japanese version of disney 's  snow white .
a woman orders a dish at a street kitchen vendor .
dogs pulling a sled in a sled race .
"a lone musician in black is on stage , playing an acoustic guitar and singing into a microphone ."
a young boy in a swimming suit sits in water .
a woman in jeans walking along a pathway with green railing .
a woman in a black shirt is hugging a man .
"a woman squatting in the grass is smiling at a little boy , as he smiles and raises his hands in the air ."
the dog has red straps in its back .
a black dog and a white dog are standing on snow .
a dog jumping in the water at a beack .
"a brown , fluffy dog jumping into a swimming pool after a red toy ."
a white dog jumping to catch a red ball .
a boy jumps from one table to another at a park .
two and four footed neighbors stop by to visit .
a heavyset couple interact outside a striped cabana on a beach located near a pier .
a young girl tries her hand at gardening .
a lady that 's  holding a yellow bag is sitting on a chair in a store .
a woman reaching out to lights .
three young women perform a dance in a crowded hall .
there are three swimmers from the same team getting ready to compete .
two people are swimming in water next to a red buoy .
two boys stand beside a pile of garbage on the ground .
a little boy is holding a green and yellow sponge while standing in front of a stove .
a woman squatting to face a small child while holding a dog .
a man standing in a hole in front of a woman in a garden .
a worker in a blue hat is fixing the wall .
a woman in traditional islamic garb walks through a plaza with a bearded man .
a family poses for a photo at dinner .
a woman talks animatedly to her companion next to a body of water .
man with hat juggling in front of a captivated audience .
a man on a phone and woman sitting near a painting .
a woman holding a dog on a leash .
a person is setting at a table in a cafe .
a woman is drinking from a green straw .
a gentleman in a purple scarf and hat is looking at money while holding an accordion .
a lady in a red and black striped shirt is sitting on a retaining wall .
"a crowd of people are standing together on a sidewalk , while one man is taking a picture ."
the woman in glasses is holding a red and white sale bag .
four boys run down a stone paved sidewalk .
a female looking out the window as a male looks in .
a hiker with an american flag on his backpack walks through the woods .
a man in a red shirt sits at a table with a glass of water .
a man cooking something in an old fire burning oven with a apron on .
these people are cooking lots of food .
a little girl in a sweater is swung around by an unseen hand .
a man in a jumpsuit and hat tends to a large spool of rope .
a boy in swim trunks does a backflip into the ocean while mountains show through the fog behind him .
"an injured , bloody person sitting with friends in a hospital waiting room ."
six shirtless men are standing outside leaning on or standing near a fence .
a painter shows off his talent in front of a group of people
a boy is holding his nose and jumping off a diving board backwards into a lake .
a young boy pulls a car toy up a hill .
an asian woman in a red sweater holding her baby .
a asian man gives an evil eye to the camera .
a toddler wearing a onesie is stretching to see a video game in an arcade .
a young boy laying face down in water .
three boys in size order getting wet next to a wall
a woman with braids is kneeling down and adjusting string on a machine
two people with yellow backpacks hiking up a hill .
in a tree filled park a man stretches .
various passengers on a bus look out the window or into the distance .
two male security officers are restraining another man by the shoulders and arms .
two hikers walk down an arid slope next to a green conifer .
the boy has blond-hair and a dirty face .
a woman looks stone-faced in the mirror as she applies eyeliner .
a few guys playing soccer on a field .
a man in a hawaiian shirt is playing an orange electric guitar on a stage .
people on a crowded train or bus in asia .
there is a man on a bucking horse holding on tightly while the crowd watches at a rodeo .
an adult man wearing jeans and black shirt holding a beverage .
a man has his arms around two women who are posing for a picture with him .
a mobile food station set up to serve patrons on the city streets .
a woman with a red jacket and her companion eating snacks .
"a very young boy sliding down a slide into a swimming pool , wearing blue floaties ."
girl with green tank top standing in the middle of a train track with multicolor train cars to the right .
girl is standing out on the train tracks .
a fisherman is preparing his nets for his next haul .
a woman is sitting on a stool with an accordion .
two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather .
"a young boy with swimming goggles , jumping into a swimming pool ."
people are working on the factory floor while yellow stacks of paper go by .
"a young man , barefoot along side the beach , prunes a tree ."
two kids on wakeboards attempt to give one another a high-five .
an outdoor cafe with people sitting while a man in white shirt is walking toward them .
there are many people with black hair heading through some doors and a few coming out .
several people walk up a staircase .
a man dressed in a burgundy shirt and black pants maneuvering a puppet which is holding a musical instrument .
the two racers drove the white bike down the road .
"two boys , one in a red and one in a white uniform , fight for control over the ball during a soccer match ."
a man in a yellow vest sweeping a sidewalk .
an asian family prepares meat on skewers at a night market .
a black dog swims in the water .
"two men , one standing and one on a bicycle are talking outside a building ."
the group is watch a cartoon on a small electric device .
a man with a shoulder bag walking in the desert on sand with footprints behind him and the horizon with many stormy clouds .
a smiling boy runs through the grass .
a brown horse is standing behind a girl and is sniffing her hair .
young chefs are arranging food in a kitchen .
a boy in blue shirt splashing in water under a dock
a boy splashing through the ocean .
workers are serving up customers lined up in front of a martins famous louisiana sausages vendor tent
two girls are performing tricks on a trampoline .
a girl in a red bikini is jumping into a pool .
a man is pulling a cart covered in chairs .
a dog with a red collar and its tongue hanging out runs through tall grass .
a young boy covering his face while sitting on a trampoline .
a smiling woman in a purple shirt and white apron wiping her hands on a napkin .
person hanging upside down from poles
a man wearing a gray t-shirt and blue jeans stands ready to hit a golf ball at a driving range .
two puppies run across flat stones in garden area .
dogs running on a cold but sunny morning
an older black woman is operating her electric wheelchair .
a green tinted hand is being held up in front of a table of people .
two men are working on train tracks .
a little girl in an elaborate green and orange dress is chasing after a pink and white balloon figure .
these two women are having fun while taking pictures .
a man in a red shirt is jumping from a large rock formation .
several people are riding on a roller coaster while reacting to going through a loop in various ways .
"a young boy examines a field of pumpkins , with some already in his wheelbarrow ."
guy playing banjo in the park as a duck enjoys the music .
"the girl in the purple top and shorts , wearing a hat , is laughing ."
woman in a bikini top is walking on the beach
a man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into a bag .
a man on stage performing a concert for people .
an ice cream truck is stopped in front of two small apartment buildings .
a boy wearing black swimming trunks is standing in a fountain .
"a young asian boy leaps for joy into a pool of water , his tongue stuck out for joy ."
some kids playing near the street .
this boy is playing on a playground with tires on it .
a scuba diver swimming deep underwater with a turtle .
a group of people carry things down a narrow road .
a brown dog is sitting in some long grass .
an african-american baby is crawling on the floor near a table .
a man walking down the street with a small boy .
a man is carrying a trash barrel past a statue of an angel .
a young woman at an open air market buying bread .
a blond girl in a white dress holding a bird in a tree .
two people go ice skating in a rink .
a little boy and a little girl are lying on a black bench surrounded by adults .
a boy and a girl playing on the beach .
an elderly man is wearing overalls and holding a paintbrush .
an old man is napping on a park bench .
a man with a blue baseball cap on is sleeping against a rock .
a gentleman in traditional garb weaving a blanket in a field .
a man in a yellow shirt vacuums a floor while looking at the camera .
young african man does work in a field .
a tan dog walks along a grassy path with his long pink tongue hanging out .
"an asian man in a suit on the subway , asleep ."
a woman in a white shirt mixing something on the kitchen counter .
people inside of a building with their heads down with a view outside of bikes .
a bike rider wearing a red shirt and black shorts is attended to by city workers .
a man in dirty jeans on top of a scaffolding .
two chefs talk together behind a tiled restaurant calendar in a fancy restaurant .
a woman in a white apron prepares various meats on a large grill .
a man in sitting in front of a large calvin klein steel advertisement with a long instrument .
"a man and woman , both wearing shorts , are walking down a sidewalk ."
a pair of dancers perform on a red brick street .
a young boy in a white shirt is holding a wrapper .
a man in a white t-shirt cleaning up debris .
older man in orange jumpsuit holding a water hose .
2 boys in the foreground in a karate competition and coaches in background looking on with another coach sitting at table .
individuals with balloons participating in a walk .
people waiting to cross the street in front of a pharmacy with lit up sign .
a woman with glasses drinks coffee at a cafe .
a man in a bowling alley getting ready to throw the bowling ball down the lane .
a girl removes her eye makeup with an ear swab .
a large black and white dog is running through a grassy field .
a man studying for his exams outside a bookstore
a young man in a red shirt cooking in a frying pan .
one man kissing another man on the check and both are in white shirts with black vests .
"a group of people , dressed the same walking down the street , in a parade ."
people stand on a colorful balcony .
two men beating on drums and one man blowing a horn sitting outside .
a farmer walks his pet pig down the dirt road .
two girls in bright green boots and a woman are together .
a marketplace with rolling carts selling fruits .
a woman with blond-hair and sunglasses sitting at a table and smiling .
three working class african american men are outside .
a little girl is swinging in a baby swing on the playground .
a girl standing in the ocean
two children are on the beach and are playing in the wet sand .
a young woman smiling in the distance is enjoying a bubble bath .
a child wearing black and white swim gear kneeling in shallow water over a plastic yellow boat filled with wet sand .
a man is breakdancing on the floor around a crowd of people .
a man and woman enjoy a ride down the rapids on a warm day .
a girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background .
a man in an orange shirt is using a scraper in a sifter .
two girls sparring with a red and blue bat while another girl watches .
a woman is pushing a young girl in a swing .
two boys posing in blue shirts and khaki shorts .
a group of people wait at a platform while a train passes them .
"a small girl playing , on the sidewalk , with a stick ."
a man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear .
a vendor standing in the window of her shop .
"several men of indian origin are conversing and one , in particular , seems very excited about the conversation ."
island woman cooking outside with pineapples and fruit .
a group of people in kilts are playing music while a runner in black runs by .
a man opening a barbecue oven while holding tongs .
the little girl is wearing a denim dress and holding a brown teddy bear .
a man catches a decent sized fish and is taking it off the hook
a man with a ponytail and tan tank top sitting on a couch counting on his fingers .
a man with a green shirt on is working .
two young attractive women with shorts cross a street of a busy city .
the man climbs through the rocks and snow .
this picture is of a young girl practicing gymnastics in a gym .
two beige dogs are playing in the snow .
a man about to step off the edge of a desert rock formation .
three women in dresses and headscarves outside .
a little boy and his bike sit outside the kuthhoop hotel .
the sunshine behind a group of trees on a long rode .
a man in an orange shirt is taking a picture .
a crowd cheers on a baseball team .
"a man and a much younger boy , both wearing hats , taking a stroll through nature ."
little boy pushing another little boy up the pole .
a man with a white shirt and tie is standing on a sidewalk between cement barriers .
a boy reaches the top of a jungle gym .
two people in black vests are standing in front of children in white vests with an american flag between them .
a man with swords battling a female with a spear .
two men in the middle of the action of a fighting match .
a young man in a white shirt cutting tomatoes .
a young boy in blue shorts is climbing rocks along the hotel resort beach shore .
a man plays saxophone next to a yellow fire hydrant .
a man in a fish market is cutting swordfish into steaks .
a dog in midair cacthing the red ball .
three women dressed in plain clothes are cooking a meal in their kitchen .
people are walk and running on a bridge sidewalk .
two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees .
"a young girl on the beach , running toward the water ."
a young boy in a blue shirt and green hat blows up an orange balloon .
a black and white dog jumping into a pool after tennis balls .
little boy runs the wrong way after hitting the ball in a game of tee ball .
a person in a blue shirt is holding a microphone in their hands .
a man in white and red with sunglasses carrying and blowing a very large horn .
a barefoot redheaded girl jumping over a rail .
a woman in shorts throwing a bowling ball down a bowling alley .
he is reading a paper and she is looking at him with a smile .
a tan dog on a leash running in shallow ocean water .
the boy is jumping in the woods .
a man and a woman are sitting on the ground and surrounded by boats .
a young boy on the beach running into the ocean waves .
a boy in a blue boat tied to a larger boat dumps out a bucket of water .
a man walking down a narrow street .
a young man rests on an airport seat with a cowboy hat over his face .
children fishing off a bridge
man sitting in the shadows on the steps of a building .
a black and white dog jumping into a pool .
a black dog and a white dog race in a grassy field while spectators look on .
a bunch of birds outside of a building .
a golfer prepares to take a shot on golf course surrounded by trees .
a firefighter extinguishes a fire under the hood of a car .
"people gather around a table with many red , white , and blue decorations around in the spacious tent ."
a toddler with eggs in a bowl .
three teenagers are carrying wood down a street while one of the teenagers is smiling at the camera .
a man stands in front of the gateway arch .
a young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door .
a blond girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand .
"a young girl with a purple shirt , waters grass ."
the cat looks away from the person next to it .
a couple waiting at a crosswalk in a brightly lit city .
a person in a yellow shirt stretching on a bridge .
a gut wearing a plaid shirt with a mustache selling fish at a market .
city workers are doing maintenance on a train track .
a child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling .
worker loading handicapped man in wheelchair onto a train .
"a woman walking in a street with a young boy in front of her , and a running man behind her ."
a woman is looking upset holding a water bottle in front of a wall with writing on it .
a group of african boys are looking at water pipes .
"three people on grass , one raking leaves , one mowing the lawn , another standing by a garbage bag ."
a boy with a yellow shirt and black pants welding something .
man without a shirt is climbing a rock .
a girl is winding up to throw a softball .
a man throws a small child up in the air .
a fluffy white dog is coming out of a blue striped obstacle shute .
two children are sitting on the floor together .
young girl carrying camping gear and a stuffed brown dog .
a guy wearing a green shirt is cooking on a campfire
a girl peeks through the leaves on a tree .
a motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary .
young boy in climbing harness scaling a climbing wall .
a man wades in the water and watches a waterfall .
a black dog is walking through a stream of water .
a man is surfing down a hill of sand .
a man with red-rimmed glasses stands with arms folded behind a metal grate .
a dog runs while holding an object in its mouth .
a dog with long hair and a red vest runs in the grass .
two officers in uniform chatting in a golf cart .
younger man in a yellow shirt and tan shorts is moving a dry yard or field with a riding john deere tractor mover .
the security guard is smiling .
a long day makes the woman tired and sleepy .
"beautiful brunette woman , draped in purple , blue and a scarlet scarves ."
a small black dog is in the grass .
a girl in a gray ymca sweater looking through a telescope .
a baby carefully wrapped in a blanket sleeping in an infirmity crib .
a young lady playing guitar on a stage in a park .
three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass .
several people are sitting at computer desks in a messy office .
girl with half dreadlocks and earmuffs on makes a large bubble
children and women gather outside a building .
a man crawls through a playground plastic tube towards a little girl with red-hair .
a balding man is petting a white panda in a zoo .
a shirtless man in a blue hat and sunglasses runs waist-deep through a large body of water .
a man in a black shirt and hat plays guitar .
a man in a white shirt is plowing a field with two mules .
people playing in the water with a water bike .
a blond individual rides a jet ski in water near a mountain range .
two man are sitting in white room playing guitar .
"three women walking together down the sidewalk , one is wearing a short white skirt ."
a boy holds his hands on his head .
a man paint spattered clothing talks on a mobile phone .
a man in the window of a red big rig truck .
a man in an orange raincoat is discussing something with another man wearing work clothes near a sewer manhole .
a man in a black shirt stands in front of a construction cone .
"s large man in a blue shirt and shorts leaning against a van in front of a store called  "" terrible 's  "" "
a videographer and female companion stand by a waterway .
a rainbow is formed from a tank spraying water on a street .
the man with the goatee and black shirt is walking along the street .
a man in a gray shirt and a hat holding a jackhammer
two construction workers talk while looking at a naval ship .
a person taking a jump off a rock on a dirt bike .
a girl playing pool at a pool hall .
a man climbs up a cliff and reaches an overhang .
a group of people walking across a rope bridge .
young man alone on a white-sand beach enjoys a snack under a beach umbrella .
a man is performing for a crowd on a tall unicycle .
"a young boy runs down a field , wearing a name tag ."
"earth , water and sky make this a great spot a time out ."
a young baby wearing blue sleepwear has a pacifier in his mouth and is sleeping .
a man and woman walk down the street together .
a woman is smiling and reading a newspaper behind a bud light advertisement .
two people look over a terrace wall .
a lady wearing a bonnet is sitting down with her hands on her lap .
three workers are working on a metal roof
a woman with ripped jeans is laying on the ground with her forearm over her face .
woman walking with face painted children while carrying a screaming child .
a chef with glasses cooks french bread in a giant oven .
two people stand outside a wine shop .
a man and a woman tak outside of a coffee house .
a silhouette of a kid playing on a beach .
"a man wearing shorts , sandals , and a black shirt is talking on his cellphone ."
two men talk in a restaurant kitchen .
a young girl sits on a rock overlooking a large field .
a man in a green hat running .
"two males running , one wearing red and white , the other navy blue and black , outside on a cloudy day ."
a little boy in a yellow shirt walking on stones .
a crowd of men and women sitting and standing by a we are demanding sign .
five asian friends posing together for a picture .
four women and one man sitting on the sidewalk with sleeping bags .
a lot of people bundled up together
three young people are snuggling under a blanket on a sidewalk .
two people are taking pictures .
three women and a man in a hat sitting cross legged in a group .
there is an asian girl holding a green sign protesting .
a man videotaping a group of people in front of a from new york banner .
people in a courtyard plaza are sitting and standing .
a man in a lime green shirt waits for the subway while a woman films using her phone .
young people in yellow shirts prepare colorful food .
a woman in a yellow shirt is helping a little girl in a pink shirt .
youngsters are being served green eggs and ham .
a man in a blue shirt holding a child while holding onto a stroller at a baseball stadium .
little boys in white karate uniforms performing their martial arts indoors .
two people walking into a shadow in one direction while another walks in the midst of it .
"a man , a woman with a child in a stroller on a crowded street ."
the man is aiming to shoot something while his dog watches .
a horse is walking beside a boat under a bridge .
a young man is sitting at a table with a laptop and earphones .
a man is playing the banjo at a concert .
a lady with a satchel looks at merchandise in a flea market .
a man is snowboarding over a structure on a snowy hill .
the brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet .
a man in a black shirt reading a paper .
a man wearing glasses and a blue jacket is smiling while men behind him are cooking on a grill .
a guy in a leather jacket walking by a corner store .
a group of friends stand in front of art they have sprayed for a picture .
the man is doing stunts with his bicycle .
"a woman is looking at dressed , headless mannequins in a store display ."
a kid standing in the middle of a dirt road
a man in a brown shirt takes a picture of something on the ground in front of him .
people sitting in front of other people .
a man wearing a brown t-shirt is talking to a woman wearing a flowered tank top at an outdoor music concert .
two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish .
two bicycles are standing behind two people sitting on the grass near a body of water .
two old men sitting on the dock .
a man in a suit and two men in orange vests standing around
a small child pushes a stroller down the street .
a woman at graduation without a cap on .
an elder man overlooks a balcony facing a street .
this woman is smiling and talking on the phone while sitting on a stone wall .
three dogs in a field looking at something in the grass .
"three children , two girls and one boy , in martial art stances , standing on the hard-wood floor of a large room ."
a woman sits on a flower pot at a crowded coffee shop .
a boy stands beside a railing at a go kart track .
a white bird is standing on a wooden platform .
there is a guy wearing stilts playing the trombone in front of a mural .
"two young boys , wearing just underwear , climb around a vehicle ."
a young blond girl in a pink shirt looks at a large praying mantis on her arm .
a man dressed in white and with glasses having something to eat .
a man is fishing off a beach into a large body of water while a young boy carries a net not too far away .
the soldier is standing tall as he observes the passing people .
"a young man in a suit standing out from the crowd , at what appears to be an art exhibition ."
a man preparing fruit below a tree .
a black dog is coming out of the ocean water on the beach with something in its mouth .
two young children are playing on the beach while a man watches .
a group of people are sitting at a beach watching the blue angels .
two young ladies play chess in a restaurant .
a person wearing a long-sleeved white shirt is weaving with yellow thread .
two women are jogging and three men are walking on a dirt trail .
these are women members of a musical symphony dressed in black and carrying red flags outside an ornate building .
a family of four watches an air show .
a person holding a small dog on a leash is bending over and looking through items .
a brown dog carrying a black object .
a frightened little boy being pulled up and out of a pool by his father .
a man standing in front of several cliff faces .
two people and a small white dog are playing at the park .
two men with long hair are sitting on the ground .
members of a brass band look at their sheet music .
a man is playing a dj game in an arcade .
a group of women dressed in black playing musical instruments in front of a large building .
"one man is sitting on top of a school bus , while another man , wearing a matching shirt , is standing inside ."
demonstrators waiting for the policemen to hear their grievances against police oppression and brutality .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and a gold cross around his neck
a old man and a youth work on starting a tiller .
people wait for their luggage at the airport .
a group of people outside after dark facing a waterway .
four women participate in synchronized swimming at dark .
a brown dog chases a blond one in the grass .
a man in a black hat and tan jacket walking across the street .
a young girl wearing a bikini in an innertube .
a man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume .
a man with a brown t-shirt holds on to a wire while another man looks on .
a man in a cape is near a red building .
two men dressed in business casual share a laugh .
a bass player in a red shirt is playing while smoking a cigarette .
a man dressed in black wearing odd headgear swings a staff .
a skinny girl in large boots is standing by the roadside .
two women are standing on a boat looking at the water .
people looking at pictures on a display .
"the small girl is sitting in a harness , strapped to a tether , while others watch ."
a man wearing a multicolored shirt is holding a megaphone .
a young man with dark hair and a beard cooking steaks outside on a small grill .
a uniformed woman holding a camera standing in front of a crowd of spectators .
the little boy in red trunks is attempting to catch a soccer ball that is coming towards him .
four kids rolling and sliding down a sand dune .
the small furry white dog is walking in the green grass .
a little girl high-fives a yellow robot .
a person dressed in a blue shirt and jeans looks past the trees to the horizon .
gray and black dogs running away down forest path
a woman and a young man are setting at a table in a mexican restaurant .
a rock climber ascends .
a lady in a black dress is talking to a group of people .
two men are sitting working on their computers .
a man pouring a wheelbarrow of cement on a sidewalk .
a dog runs along the short at a beach .
a young gentlemen with a blue tie talking into a microphone .
several younger people walking down a street in heavy clothing .
"women of different ethnicities stand in a room , holding red and yellow darts ."
two dogs shaking off water droplets on a beach .
the male rock climber takes a look over his shoulder at the view of the lake and city .
a man rock climbing pauses to calculate his route .
a bride and groom are feeding each other wedding cake .
five workers sitting in front of trucks eating lunch
"a young male child with curly brown hair , hiding behind a cardboard box in a vegetable vendor 's  market ."
a woman is laying in the grass eating something outside the leaning tower of pizza .
a man and a woman are gambling at a casino and are enjoying themselves .
bearded man playing an acoustic guitar
a baby manages to pull himself to his feet with the help of a couch .
a man works on a piece of wood on a spinner .
a man wearing safety gear operates a machine with tents on the background .
"a woman , dressed in a yellow blouse and black panties , is playing beach volleyball ."
a girl smiles as she runs across the white sandy beach in her swimsuit .
a man in a black shirt jumping with a coffee cup full of a beverage .
a male conducting a kitchenaid class dressed in a black chef 's  jacket .
a man is making a toast with his drink .
the man in a dark blue shirt is squeezing a bottle filled with a gold-colored substance .
people at an affair outside under a tent .
a group of ladies with computers sit behind a table while people on the other side purchase something .
a man in a white chef 's  jacket presenting tomatoes .
a chef is talking to another person in a kitchenaid showroom .
"many people are gathered under a tent , getting food ."
a baby stands on the side of a couch and knocks over a lamp .
mother and father watching their baby pet an animal .
"a man works on a very large , intricate sand sculpture on a beach ."
three people are sleeping in a mass-transit vehicle .
"a man in jacket , hat , and hood , facing away from the camera holds his hands up and together ."
a man and a woman wearing shorts are standing in an alley .
"a boy swings a baseball bat , and a catcher stands behind him ."
two little league players are next to a base in the field .
a young man with blond-hair works with multicolored wires while sitting on a stoop .
a woman in a black jacket is leaning against a lamp post .
a dark-haired woman in a black shirt is looking at a silver machine .
two women and a baby in a stroller in front of a store .
a man in a striped shirt plays the drums .
a person looking out and standing on top of a rock .
a child jumps on a sand dune .
two girls sitting by the water .
"a young boy is standing in a classroom trying to make a craft project , but having difficulties , while his classmates watch him ."
two dancers on stage in a club .
a gentleman laughs in his car while driving on the countryside .
three boys busting bricks into very small pieces .
a man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people .
three chefs preparing meals within the kitchen .
five chefs are standing behind a table full of cupcakes .
men and women and michigan wine and food tasting
a boy plays with outstretched arms on the sidewalk next to a cobblestone street .
a man in red swim trunks playing volleyball .
an older lady in a black shirt is adding ingredients to a kitchenaid mixing bowl as a crowd looks on .
people sit at bars with a lot of wineglasses .
a sports team made up of 14 women waring white t-shirt and pink tags .
"a chef preparing hamburgers outside , on a grill for patrons walking by ."
a young boy in a tigger shirt stands on top of someone lying in a bed .
two men are working on the rooftop of a building .
people are in a ride that drops you from a great height .
"man in black on microphone , in band ."
a man and woman are walking in an apple orchard while swinging a little boy between them .
the young man is holding a drink and checking his cellphone .
two little boys are sitting in a metal shaped box while wearing bike helmets .
a group of people that appear to be having a good time .
a woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press .
girl and boy serving food on plate
two children with brown hair in a trunk of a car .
a little baby holds the head of his older brother
a man wearing a white shirt and gloves is holding a checkered box .
street scene in asia with pedestrians and parked bicycles .
a wet dog is jumping over a hurdle .
a woman is grabbing a guy 's  foot and putting it behind his head .
"a woman , in nun attire , is being frisked by a female security guard , while another woman looks on ."
the man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show .
a fisherman is reeling his rod while another relaxes in a boat on water .
"people are gathered outside for a protest , and one woman in the front is smiling at the camera ."
the person is wearing a black and red outfit and is practicing combat .
a child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick .
a young girl moves some suitcases that are near an open window .
people are sitting and lying on steps .
a man in a white shirt playing a black and white guitar .
a man beside a clown with other people in the background .
an older lady blowing out a 9 and a 0 number candles on a birthday cake .
handyman works on outer wall of city building .
a man in a yellow jacket takes a picture while leaning against a car while another man works on the car on the opposite side .
two people are eating a meal together .
a man in a field wearing a backpack and there are sheep and mountains behind him .
three firemen are conversing next to a firetruck .
"a city market on a street sits in the foreground , with city buildings lay in the background ."
some people are on a patio and there is a fire .
a man sits on a field near a backpack .
construction workers working on a large building .
two smiling little blond girls in pink pants swing from a metal bar .
little boy walking with stick on tracks
two big german shepherd dogs play in the water .
the dog is jumping in the air to catch a ball .
a little girl dressed in yellow is holding onto two red handles .
a blond-hair lady sitting with a kid .
a kid in blue jeans and black socks sleeps under a pink blanket with a swirl design .
a man in a white shirt is brushing a goat .
a girl with her eyes closed is touching a boy 's  cheeks .
a man in a white shirt balances on water-filled tanks containing crabs and fish .
a group of people sit watching an event behind a tim hortons sign .
a man stands and reads something by a railing overlooking a town .
"a young boy with flower on his face mixes dough in a striped shirt , overalls and an apron ."
a young boy holds onto a blue handle on a pier .
"a man is speaking into a microphone , while another man ponders the situation at hand ."
a man is sleeping outside on cardboard next to a water bottle .
a little girl dressed in a white dress is preparing to lay the floral petals down for a wedding .
a skater rides his board on a ramp .
a man in shorts standing on a chair making a hut .
two hikers wearing dark clothes rest on a snow covered peak .
a man with stretched earlobes wearing a black hat stands in front of a display of food for sale .
a man fishing off a pier at sunset .
a man is climbing on top of some metal poles attached to each other .
small kid sitting inside a tractor claw playing in dirt .
a white dog with a stick in his mouth standing next to a black dog .
"the couple is kissing , while standing facing ."
a man with a red hat and a pen behind his ear looks like he is about to say something .
a young lady wearing yellow is feeding a small child at the table .
a man wearing a yellow safety vest and hard hat is driving a tractor .
man stands outside against wall with tennis racket in dark .
"two female beach volleyball players , facing each other , prepare to strike the ball ."
a man holds a fish in both hands .
a man wearing glasses looking at a round mirrored object hanging from above .
five spectators are watching two cars racing at a racetrack .
several people sit in on blankets in a park with blooming pink cherry blossoms .
man on stage playing his guitar .
a hiker is walking a treeless path up a hill .
people are standing near a food vendor in a park .
a man wearing a baseball mitt is in a field leaning to his side .
a sous-chef chopping a cucumber for a salad .
"it looks like to me , they are figuring out names , for what 's  in the bottles ."
there are many different colored balls .
the dog is wading through shallow water while holding something in its mouth .
man in yellow pants performing for a crowd .
one young man in yellow pants is dancing while a crowd of people watch him .
person with a backpack in a field
a small group of people are sitting on the bank of a large body of water in the grass .
a man staring into the camera as he cuts lemons .
a group of young people are standing and sitting around a table eating and drinking with one another .
an asian woman eating with a spoon .
a man in an orange shirt is jumping while playing a large drum .
a woman with glasses drinking from a shot glass
"at a street festival , a boy and a man cook some sort of  "" texas smoked ""  meat while pedestrians pass by ."
an older man and younger man are shaking hands on a basketball court .
a white man with carrying hair and a beard with a child on his shoulders .
a man is falling from the ceiling on top of a bed .
a small child is holding a mop next to a washer and dryer .
a hiker relaxing on a clay hillside .
three guys are barbecuing on a grill on a porch with a white fence .
blond woman lounging on a couch pursing her lips .
man on motorcycle riding in dry field wearing a helmet and backpack
a person is dirt biking over rocks and water .
two young children playing with big wheels in an urban area .
a lady in the water is slamming a sack into a rock .
a taxi cab with a mama mia ad on top of it
the white dog with black spots is catching a red frisbee .
a person hangs from a rocky cliff as they try to climb .
a person climbing a large moss-covered rock
a person is standing at the top of a rocky cliff overlooking land .
a man is climbing a rope up a cliff .
a man rock climbing in the forest surrounded by light .
a happy couple enjoying their open air wedding .
a young boy is hitting a ball off of a tee .
a man in a yellow shirt looking down at the ground .
a man is jumping in the air in front of a coastal scene with water and mountains in the background .
two dogs in the water fighting over a stick .
a tri-colored dog jumps and catches a pink frisbeen that a man in shorts has thrown .
a group of guys gathered and drinking at a bar .
construction worker in the middle of doing his job working on a house .
a man is setting up a ladder inside a room .
group of people watching a fountain in a city skyline with palm trees .
"young children , all reaching around an unseen object ."
a little girl trying to be like spiderman clime up the corner of the wall .
young girl sliding down an inflated slide
a man and his wife walking hand in hand down the street .
two young boys run by the edge of the water .
"a dog tags a nap on a rug near his favorite toy , a plush centipede ."
chevrolet car on display at a convention
a gray dog is climbing up a low tree branch in a park .
two girls play on a fenced in field .
a young brown puppy pulls a leafy branch in his teeth in a backyard .
a man enjoying his craft of woodworking .
a woman is showing off a fresh baked pie by holding it over her head .
a woman wearing high heels and a hat .
a woman swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated pastures and tall trees .
a young boy with glasses is kayaking in calm waters near a large tree .
a jack russell terrier is measured for distance jumping as he tries to catch a frisbee .
a woman in a blue shirt making pottery .
two young boys running on a grassy field
two dogs play in a grassy field .
a girl takes a picture with her hand over the camera lens .
a man is spraying a design into sand
two people in outdated clothing posing in front of a fast food counter .
two laughing women sit at a table with drinks .
"two workers are on a cherry-picker , one leaning out with a safety harness and the other smiling at the camera ."
man in hat and coat reading newspaper near garbage cans and graffiti .
people pass each other on a busy city street while talking on their cellphones .
a girl with pigtails is smiling .
a boy sits in a toy car while drinking from his sippy cup .
a technician bent over fixing a machine .
a man in an orange shirt standing next to a machine
a man in formal wear plays the guitar and sings .
a man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time !
two boys make silly poses next to a sign .
newly wedded man and woman jump for joy on the great wall of china .
there is an asian woman standing near baskets full of orange fruits .
two women are laying upside down on a white bed .
a man drives a blue forklift through a crowd .
a man in a white t-shirt performing tricks with a yo-yo .
a young man is looking inside the mouth of a lizard like figure .
two men sit next to each other on the water in a boat .
two baseball players standing at the pitchers mound whispering to one another .
a big black dog chases a big brown dog with a green object in his mouth while another big brown dog tags behind .
four girls pose in front of a crowd .
a old man in a green shirt sits on the curb holding a camera .
this lady in the print dress is stripping food for dinner .
a little boy does a cartwheel on the beach .
a man with goatee rides an escalator .
a child in a blue cap is near an unpainted wooden fence .
a white man going for a walk .
an egret stands on a rock at the edge of a river .
man paddling in blue kayak in the water .
"the shoeshine man , who shines shoes for a living , is shinning the black leather shoes of a man in nice dress pants ."
a man excavating bones and tools from an archaeological site .
a group of men are standing around and drinking water with their bikes .
an african boy drives his team of oxen down a dirt road .
a man plays his guitar in a park while people sit on benches .
"the fat , old man falls asleep in the chair ."
a man in white t-shirt is holding umbrella and ice cream cart .
a man wearing jeans and a gray shirt standing behind a spray painted brick wall .
a girl in a striped shirt holds a bun to her mouth .
five people playing string instruments in public .
a person in a brown shirt is pushing a baby in a stroller by the sea .
two people in heaving clothing preparing food on a mountain .
three men in fishing caps are standing on rocks .
the barefoot woman in sunglasses sits in the tree .
a group of people walk on a pathway near the lakeside .
a man in gray holds his dog 's  leash while his son sits on his shoulders .
a man is sitting in room made up of wood panelling .
four teens in school uniforms walk down a tropical road .
a young girl with her face painted stands next to some other children .
two women ride their three wheelers .
the black dog and the white dog seem to be getting ready to fight .
a guitarist plays while people play with hula-hoops in the background .
a young boy wearing a red scarf around his head with the word free written in red on one cheek .
a lady in a blue dress singing .
a singer and her band are performing on stage in a club .
a man playing a guitar with his band
a man a woman and a child sitting on a couch smiling
a young girl suspended by rope next to a mesh .
the girl in blue jeans and white shirt is balancing on one leg .
a boy on a playground swing strikes a medatative pose .
a man wearing a green number twenty five jersey is kicking a white soccer ball on a field .
a man touches the side of his face .
a little boy stands up next to a window and cries .
a man is cleaning his boat in the driveway .
a man in a green shirt and tan cap leans against a railing in someone 's  kitchen .
a woman smoking a cigarette leaning over talking with someone .
a black man sits intently at his sewing machine surrounded by brightly colored fabrics hung on the outside window of a stucco building .
a man sitting outdoors ironing fabric while three people observe
two young girls are sitting in the living room playing video games and drinking canned soft drinks .
a little boy attempts to fix his bike .
the black dog emerges from the water having collected an object in his teeth .
a man with a red helmet kayaking .
man in a kayak swimming in rough waters .
a person in a safety vest pushing a truck .
three men in orange vests are pulling a jeep out of a ravine while another man sits inside .
two men wearing white cowboy hats .
a brown dog runs through the grass holding something in its mouth .
few ladies are walking barefooted on the beach .
a man wearing a life jacket uses a map while on a small boat .
two young girls wearing pink playing on a playground
a man in white shirt play guitar to a woman in a white shirt .
a baseball batter raising his arm .
women carrying items on their heads walk down a dirt path with greenery on each side .
two girls on a jungle gym .
the man is wearing safety gear while he is training the black dog .
a man wearing colorful clothing and white sunglasses is playing a large drum with his hands .
a young boy in a pool playing with a green water gun
brown dog laying on gravel with grass and trees in background .
a portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway .
a man driving a tractor pulls along two young children for a ride .
two people walk outside in a nature area .
a man and his dog in the mountains .
two boys are getting into a van and a younger boy is in a car seat .
a group of kids playing with tires .
a woman sitting on the subway is holding a white box while closing her eyes .
two dogs playing with each other
a black dog running into the water .
a small dog and a large dog with a rope in its mouth .
a man in a suit walks by a building while the hood of a car reflects a warped view of that building .
person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill .
seven people are riding a green raft in a white water river .
many people are walking through a park with a lot of trees .
woman in a white top and green pants handling green vegetables .
a man is walking across the street .
a large women with short hair sleeping in a chair in public .
people are walking around in a nighttime environment .
a man is cutting up food to put in bowls of food at a food court .
four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain .
a young girl with blond-hair and glasses sitting at a table in a restaurant .
a person white-water rafting in turbulent water .
a young man in shorts is looking into a stream next to a rock wall .
a boy on a green plastic swing .
a man in a blue shirt is about to cross the street while a police car is driving by .
the little boy is playing by tires .
a woman eating some food while sitting on a tiny stool next to a propane barbecue .
woman in blue shorts walking barefoot on the beach
two men in teal scrubs stand in front of a cafe with an open sign .
a person in a kilt walks along an overpass .
a boy and a toddler boy stand by a water fountain .
a group of people are walking to the beach .
"a surfboarder emerging from the ocean with his board , as the waves crash ashore behind him ."
five young people prepare food in a kitchen while watching the television .
a lone rock climber in a harness climbing a huge rock wall .
closeup of man 's  legs on a bicycle peddal .
five men are washing windows of alpine style buildings on five ladders .
people climb an odd barred structure .
brown and white dog running through fall leaves on the ground .
a boy skateboards and does a jump over another skateboard .
a muddy child jumps into more mud on the ground .
a woman in a green jacket is pushing the button to cross the street .
an older couple is walking past a jewelry store on a sunny day .
a narrow stream runs between leaf-covered hills .
a man in a scuba suit holds a box .
a girl at the beach just getting out of the ocean .
a young man holding a beer bottle and a cigarette splashes fluid on charcoal in a grill .
a girls laying down at the grass
scuba diver under the water holding small crustacean in his hands .
a little girl running down a brighly lit hallway .
young asian girls rest along a river 's  edge .
three people are posing in front of a large white building .
young students are playing musical instruments in an orchestra .
two men are underground and appear to be mining .
a dark-skinned man in a straw hat playing guitar and a man in sunglasses listening and smiling .
boys are climbing wooden poles in a dirty river .
an elderly african-american man in a yellow shirt is standing in front of an information stand .
three elderly women walking from behind .
a blindfolded man aims for a pinata while people watch from the deck behind him .
man in orange shirt squatting and working on black bicycle .
a woman in a black dress stands next to a pink bicycle .
man in white cleans the floor .
a woman paints a picture of a large building which can be seen in the background .
children are reading and writing .
a man with a backpack and a walking stick explores a mountainous terrain .
men work in a construction site .
"a group of women , who look unhappy , are sitting in a kitchen talking ."
two people are sitting on a rock overlooking the river .
a man is sitting on the grass holding a baby in front of him .
a man saws through a piece of wood to repair a fence .
band playing in front of a small crowd outside .
a small boy playing with a wheel .
two young black men in blue jeans sit in front of a hammock .
a group of people are walking down a rural street .
two asian women are completing tasks and there is a beautiful background of bamboo .
three large dogs running quickly next to a house .
a group of women walk down the street all carrying open umbrellas to protect them from the rain coming down from the sky .
woman making sushi on a kitchen counter .
the brown dog is walking through a river surrounded by bushes .
a young african girl in a white chair is doing another girl 's  hair .
an african american child in a red flannel shirt is sleeping on a woven rope hammock .
a little boy slides down a red slide .
a woman in a green dress smoking a cigarette dances with a partner .
two young men jumping over two big wood logs .
a man putting a little boy wearing orange into a child swing .
two men fighting while playing frisbee .
a smiling woman in an orange skirt holds an open briefcase that displays a claw hammer .
guy instructing people in back of train .
a man in a green shirt holds a rolling pin while smoking a cigarette in a cluttered kitchen .
a man operating a crane concentrates while inside of a protective booth .
two people are in a long wooden boat in a body of water .
a young couple enjoying some snow cones on crowded street .
"a young man flips up a welders' mask as a young girl looks on , a six-pack , barbecue , and chalk message in the background ."
people are standing on a train platform waiting for the train .
a sleeping baby in a bib laying on a blanket .
"a man in black , on a city sidewalk , plays the accordion ."
a man is sitting at a table eating and drinking .
two scuba divers are interacting with a dolphin underwater .
three women outside all dress the same and talking to one another .
black women make cloths in their home .
"a man with medium length hair , wearing a red beanie and blue shorts with no shirt , on one knee at the beach , sculpting a sand castle with a trough ."
blond boy eating a sandwich on a white chair .
a bunch of cowboys are awaiting their challenge of catching a live animal .
a group of people in white stand with white goats .
a man and a woman share a kiss on the beach .
woman cleans windows in front of store .
street dancing on plastic while a large group of youth stand about and watch .
a quarterback is about to throw a pass from the end zone in a football game .
a little girl hugs her brother on a footbridge in a forest .
a girl walks downhill past some parked cars .
a boy tries to put a screen on a window .
a young black man with two guns pointed at his head .
"a quarterback , in the statue of liberty position , is being held onto by an opposing player from behind ."
the dog is chasing the goat around the yard .
"man in straight jacket trying to get loose , standing in front of child with jenga blocks ."
the little boy is in the swimming pool with an adult woman .
a sparsely-populated arcade with many brightly lit games and a few people sprinkled around .
a man wearing camouflage steers a motorcycle across some stones .
four young men enjoy a dip in the local lake .
a family is sitting in a park on the grass .
a pep band in red and white uniform is playing while seated in a stadium .
woman with red curly hair taking pictures outside .
"a woman riding a horse in a dirt arena , carrying an american flag ."
a little girl is showing her brother affection .
three young girls dressed in white dresses run towards a fountain .
a woman and a child walking by a vandalized building .
a young girl and a dog next to her are looking at something in a stream .
a little girl throwing rocks into a stream .
a very young blond girl wearing pink pants with white polka dots is sitting on a wooded trail in a forest .
the dog stands in the water next to the grass .
a man in a blue long-sleeved jacket crying out of fear .
a woman with shopping bags is walking by a subway .
a girl in a plaid dress is walking on a sidewalk next to a stone building .
a group in costume sings at a renaissance fair .
two women are playing keyboards under a lit tent at night .
people on a concrete area taking pictures .
a little boy smiles and points while a man looks in the direction of the child 's  gaze .
the brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball .
two men in black shirts each standing on one arm .
pastry chefs are lined up sorting pastries .
a man dressed in red and white plays a banjo while others look on .
a group of smiling young women posing together .
a woman with dark hair holds a vegetable as she stands in front of a table full of vegetables .
a man and a woman are dancing in the street .
a man is holding a utensil and is getting ready to dig into a plate filled with food .
two dogs wrestle in the ground .
"four men are rollerskating in a line , with the last three holding onto the hips of the man ahead of them ."
a woman at a dark bar talking to people .
a young blond girl in pink shirt and pigtails is sitting atop a man 's  shoulders in a crowd .
man hangs up picture of tree as woman looks on .
two children are playing and a man in a black pant is walking near children .
a lean dog runs through green grass .
three middle eastern men in business attire sit around a table .
a girl in pink twirls a ribbon .
a blond woman offers a platter of food to another blond woman while sitting at a white table .
man looking into the camera playing a guitar
an old man in army fatigues addresses a line of children standing at attention .
a girl jumps in the grass .
"a man in a green shirt laughs next to a woman in a yellow sweater , holding a pink balloon and wearing a pink tiara ."
three dogs run into the water .
two young girls run across a field as they fly a kite in the cloud-covered sky .
a worker making sure his machine is working correctly .
a man wearing a green jacket welding a large piece of metal .
a welder in a mask welding with sparks flying .
a little boy with black curly hair sitting in a blue chair that is on the sidewalk .
"graying white man with glasses , uses blacksmith tools ."
a young boy in a red shirt points at something .
a group of 4 people are working with a lot of paper .
a young man is in a stream with his dirt bike .
four men looking at a large sign .
three men on a scaffold erected outside a building .
a muddy golden dog running in grass
"two children run in the sand , along the shore ."
a dog is running with a yellow tennis ball and wearing a red harness .
a man wearing only underwear and tennis shoes walking down the street .
a black dog is running through the water .
a small dog leaps in the water .
three young boys are jumping and playing in the hay .
a man is holding metal rims one with each hand while talking to two people .
a young man with brown eyes is dressed up like jack sparrow .
a man wearing a tank top holding up a sign that introduces mark finley .
a young boy sliding on the grass in an innertube
a brown bird is sitting on a tree branch .
a man in a yellow shirt wearing multicolored plastic jewelry .
a man in a robe is riding a donkey down a street .
a man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard .
a young girl and an older gentleman hold hands as he points to something off frame .
the men are talking to the person in the police van .
an artist hard at work to draw a comical portrait .
an old couple is walking up a sand mound .
one person helping another person up to the top of a mound of sand underneath a cloudy sky .
two vehicles are parked outside a small grocery store .
variety is the spice of life no matter what the culture may be .
a bus being worked on by a mechanic .
a worker standing on a high scaffold .
men do roadwork to a backdrop of brown hills .
a man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean .
some people are standing alone on the beach in their swimsuits .
a man in a black shirt and red shorts is sitting on the shore of a lake .
a teacher showing her students something on a projector screen .
a woman and young girl hang clothes on the line .
two hikers rest on a snow-covered mountain .
a very large group of people stand outdoors under the beautiful clouds .
person reading out of a book to a roomful of people .
"a man sits on a bridge by a river , playing the accordion ."
some construction workers are on a platform doing work to a building .
a mailman in his truck whom is in front of a gate .
a child asleep in a car with the window open
a young girl with curly hair with a white shirt with a skull and bones picture on it .
a young girls makes a silly face for the camera .
a man wearing an orange safety vest and a hard hat is operating construction equipment .
boy wearing a red jacket performs a handstand on the grass .
a toddler runs toward the camera at a park .
a dog and a dust storm .
an older woman with a kerchief and a cane stands in a slushy cobblestone street .
a man with a smile sitting on the floor fixing his bicycle .
a group of people are standing and conversing inside of a building .
a man is standing on red scaffolding .
a man with work gloves and tool belt climbs the scaffolding next to an old yellow and white building .
two children are looking at something exciting that an adult is showing them .
two men trying to scrape the cement from the floor to level it .
a band playing on a street as onlookers watch
"a skateboarder wearing black jeans , white t-shirt and red ball cap coming off the lip of a ramp and suspended in the air ."
four people in front of wells fargo .
"two people hold their hands together over a third , in front of a lighted stage ."
"a child , wearing green , is bouncing on the trampoline ."
a group of college students gathering in the community center .
a family is hiking across a rocky landscape .
a group of fans at a stadium are wearing red and cheering .
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
one african american man is looking through a microscope and there is a poster that says blood cells hanging on the wall .
three people are playing in snow covered city streets .
two boys are kicking a ball to each other in the park .
men dressed in drag outside a store .
a boy lays down with an orange ball in front of a row of blue cars .
a female child with a towel next to a sink .
a woman brushes dust and dirt off a possible find .
a dog is running in a field .
toddler siting in a swing at the park with a yellow sippy cup .
a couple talks to a man sitting with a hammer dulcimer .
two para gliders are practicing their craft in an open field .
a child wearing a cowboy hat running toward another child .
a young boy tries picking up a pumpkin by its stem in a pumpkin patch .
people in asian garb are walking in a parade .
a skinny brown dog walks across a large piece of fallen tree .
a man working on a window of the old building .
a man is looking into the mirror and shaving while a woman is taking a picture of him .
a boy is oddly attentive to shoes .
"a man wearing a blue shirt , a blue hat , and an apron is standing outside the candy cafe on a sunny day ."
a girl is sitting on the beach and staring at the ocean .
the brown and white dog nips at the yellow dog .
girl with sunglasses and shoppers in a trinket shop .
a man with a strange helmet is sitting on top of a blue motorcycle .
a small child sleeps while holding a stuffed animal .
an older man sitting against a call with a guitar in his hands .
"there are three people wearing robes , two of whom are playing wind instruments ."
a man is playing a violin outside on a sidewalk .
"a man , in a black sweater , fishing ."
a man repairing a bicycle tire while his customer asks him questions .
a crowd is standing in the street .
parents teaching a young child how to ice skate .
a young boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride .
a young boy standing on a swing in front of a blue slide .
daredevils enjoy mountain boarding down the ravine .
"two older men , in a white room , play with a marble sculpture ."
a little girl in a swing laughs .
"a band , comprised of two men and a woman play for a group of people ."
"two men with shaved heads , both wearing white shirts are practicing underwater diving ."
"two competitors , one of which is in the us air force , wrestling ."
a few baby 's  in strollers wondering lots of things .
two men handle a gray dog with a blue knotted rope in its mouth .
man kicking football off tee in t-shirt and shorts
a man with a canoe is on the beach with a tent set up .
a shirtless man making a meal while camping on the beach .
some people are jogging on an outdoor track in the dark .
a little girl is playing in the hay .
a man has fallen asleep while reading the da vinci code .
a man wearing blue pants is bending over to pick up something from the ground
a man wearing an alaska sweatshirt and a baseball cap is buying lottery tickets .
two men are building something together .
a girl plays with a necklace as the sun shines behind her .
a little white dog begs .
a little girl sitting on the floor holding a guitar handles .
a man in glasses is grilling wieners and meat patties on a grill .
a boy in a red hat is taking pictures with his camera .
a small child taking a picture with a camera on a tripod .
"a woman in a white shirt and pink pants is standing behind a table laid out with cake , strawberries and punch ."
a woman opening a gift around her friends .
two gray dogs and a black dog playing in a pond under an overpass .
there is a woman sitting at a table by the kitchen .
"three people on a train holding playing cards , smiling ."
two dogs and a puppy .
a man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach .
multiple people do a synchronized dance involving jumping .
a small boy is placing items from a cart onto the check out .
a man dressed in a shiny astronaut suit poses for a photographer on a city sidewalk .
a young man in a blue shirt has his arm around a young woman in a red jacket .
a girls climbs on a jungle gym .
"asian children dressed in red and yellow , and wearing black knee pads , rollerskate outdoors over vast , shiny tile ."
three boys play tag on the beach .
a girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide .
three swimmers are swimming or racing in separate lanes .
a large group of people in red soldier jackets are standing in lines outside .
a boy jumps from the top of a blue plastic slide .
a man in checkered pants black jacket and a checkered hat is holding a waiters tray .
a rock climber in a red helmet looks down the cliff .
a guy in a hard hat working on some machines .
a guy pointing at a giant blackberry .
a group of woman walking with purses on their shoulders .
a man and a woman are outside a car that is filled with items .
a young boy and girl playing baseball in a grassy field .
a large crowd plays in and around a fountain .
"the picture is of a downtown area with people crossing the street , and walking on the sidewalk ."
a woman in sweatpants is standing by the toilets .
"a woman and her daughter measuring themselves against a giant ruler at  "" washington farms ""  ."
"several men , all wearing red , tugging on a rope ."
a group of people sitting on concrete steps at a neighborhood basketball court .
a blond girl opening a green wrapped package .
"man in a top hat , playing his accordion on the sidewalk by a street"
a woman performing by singing a song .
a bald man wearing a blue shirt eating ribs at a table outside .
man standing on edge of large rock overlooking scenic view .
a man is reading off a sheet of paper to a crowd while another man in white stands beside him .
"boy in bubble bath , yelling or singing into scrubbing brush ."
a group of young people are sitting outside listening a guitar and violin being played .
a young boy crawls with a toddler .
"a man is wearing an apron , standing in the kitchen holding a plate ."
a boy holds a red bucket up to a pony .
preteen girl with blond-hair plays with bubbles near a vendor stall in a mall courtyard .
a guy in a suit playing bagpipes next to a girl wearing teal clothing .
a dog tries to catch a snowball in its mouth .
you have to answer this to your boss .
a person setting up a tent beside a few other tents on the snowy ground .
a couple holding hands stop to look at something .
a young boy plays on a playground piece shaped like a seahorse .
a young boy is swimming in a pool .
a boy with no shirt and a volleyball in his hand .
a group of school children walk up a country path in autumn .
a blond female child spreads nesquik powder onto a table .
"a man in cowboy boots , briefs and holding a guitar , holds a woman 's  arm ."
a young asian man studying with a pencil and a dictionary while drinking a cola .
few people hitch a ride on the back of a garbage truck .
a man is a green shirt stirs a bowl of mix near a stove with two frying pans .
several young women walking along a beautiful hallway
two asian women and a young asian girl with a tricycle are standing outside in the shade .
a little boy trying to climb up .
a young boy in a blue jacket pulls something black out of a fabric bag .
a boy is fixing the wheel of his bike .
a man wearing a blue shirt and red hat riding on the back of a cart filled with hay and pulled by a white horse .
five men at a restaurant posing for a picture .
two women in white dresses walk past an advertisement with two golfers on it .
a woman walks by a river across city buildings .
a player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch .
one dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks away .
a dog is resting in a grassy field
guy rides a large brown bull .
an asian women in a yellow shirt looking at postcards while at the register .
a brown dog playing in mud .
lots of people playing a water shooter carnival game .
two people are wearing helmets that have candles on top .
a girl with black hair and braces is wearing sunglasses and posing with a wooden robot .
a woman sitting in a laundromat looking at the camera .
a person with a variety of different wares standing amongst several others on a dirt road .
a man walking with a tub of something on his head .
several people walk up and down a set of stairs in an alleyway with graffiti painted on the walls
a crowd is enjoying themselves at the beach .
a man in a baseball cap is playing a shooting game in an arcade with a friend .
a group of people is doing a project for a volunteer organization .
two football players become entangled while they are both going for the ball .
a young man skateboarding in front of the ocean .
a lady wearing a black shirt talking on her cellphone while walking down a road .
a black woman is walking towards a woman wearing a yellow hat .
the musician in the brown coat is walking in his tennis shoes .
a woman wearing antiquated clothing including many pearls .
a couple sit on the hood of a car with their backs to the camera .
a car is partially submerged in a lake .
three women wearing black is next to each other on a train .
a man sits on a sailboat with the sun setting behind him .
"a toddler boy examines a pair of blue jeans , with an adult in the background ."
the scene of an accident where a bus hit a biker .
a little girl in a red dress is standing on a trail in the forest with a horse in the background .
people in costume standing around a tree in a forest .
a young girl runs on a beach behind a young woman sitting and play her guitar .
a woman handing a small child wearing a red shirt an item from a shopping basket .
a construction worker holds up a stop sign to flag down traffic .
a man is working in a shop with donuts .
a man 's  hands holding a piece of metal on a grinding wheel .
blond woman smoking a cigarette by her shopping bags .
two men with tool belts are fastening a sign to a building .
two people pose for the camera .
group of people seated at red chair and tables .
a group of people protesting by selling humans .
two men are pushing a truck that has a picture of a woman on it .
a man stands upon his charcoal grill .
a man in a hat with a green scooter is standing by the water in a park .
a motorcycle driver swerves to the left .
a woman is leaning on the chair and playing the electric guitar .
one man sings while another plays guitar during a stage show .
a man holds a guitar on a busy street while people look on .
woman sings at a club under bright lights
a woman in a blue shirt and black pants walks down a road .
two street artists are performing on steps for a group of spectators .
a choir is standing up on a podium singing a song .
people are signing in a church .
a mid sized mixed gender choir sings while the director motions to keep beat .
a spotted dog jumps over a muddy creek .
a worker wearing a bright vest and black clothes is picking up trash on the ground while people cross the street behind him .
a girl on a beach with rainbow flags .
a man in a swimming pool holds a smiling boy in a flotation device .
"this is baby , dressed in blue , standing barefoot on a stone ."
"a kid with green shoes , red shorts , and a blue hat and shirt stands on a stretch of pavement ."
"a brown dog trotting across a grassy , fenced-in yard ."
a little girl sits on top of a pumpkin in front of an arrangement of vivid flowers outside .
"four soldiers are walking , and talking to each other while holding weapons ."
two men in hiking boots strike martial arts poses .
a woman and a man enjoying his drink on party night .
"an older man with a  "" slow ""  sign smiles at the camera ."
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee
a brown dog is leaping into the air to catch a ball .
girl headbutting a soccer ball during a game .
"two men share a conversation in the middle of a park , behind a short fence ."
two men in black shirts are conversing around a video camera .
two men work together to interview a seated man in a large theater .
people are holding signs and marching .
a woman on stage holding a microphone standing by a man .
two asian males smile while celebrating a birthday with a layered chocolate cake with a sparkling candle .
a man in a green hat is bent over his dj equipment plugging in a microphone
a man is holding a standing woman 's  foot with both his hands .
three women in gypsy skirts stand around the parking area for the notre dame in france .
a woman laughing in a bar .
a small street with a few people walking down it .
two children by a tree near some water .
a girl in pink stands in front of a mud coffee truck .
this is the image of two asian men squatting near a mop-pad .
pedestrians and cars make their way through times square in new york .
a man is helping a small child get on a train .
"three seated people eating and drinking near trees , with three people standing in the background ."
a man standing before a gate inside a hill .
a man and a woman having drinks and fun in a local nightclub in the city of angeles .
three children are sitting around a table reading books .
a boy is standing next to a car in front of a clothesline .
people sit in an auditorium with programs .
two women bent down working in the field with trees in the background .
very many skiers are gathered at a ski location .
people are walking through a snow covered field with a mountain the background .
an adult helps a young child fix her goggles .
a woman with a white visor and blue top and white pants eating while standing in a crowd .
young boy in baseball uniform kneeling to catch a ball on a baseball field .
"a man with long hair and a blue shirt is sitting outside with his guitar case open , laughing as a young girl sits and watches ."
a woman is carrying a basket on her head away from the water .
a dog sniffs a newly cut tree trunk .
two dogs play in the grass .
ethnic people visiting picking fresh food to buy .
a woman is running on the beach .
"three women , dressed for a formal occasion , take a moment to smile ."
a dog jumping through a black and white hoop .
a man selling colorfully patterned rugs enjoys a drink from a coffee cup on a sunny day .
man with long dark hair and mustache walks down the street in shorts and cowboy hat .
a motorcycle driver dressed in orange gear swerves to the right .
a man carries a sign while standing in the rain .
a man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support .
four campers enjoy an evening around a wood fire .
a motorcyclist with a red helmet rides his blue motorcycle down the road .
three men walk outside of a white building .
two oriental lizards are fighting for dominance in a small pond
man uses inflatable toy to play a lawn game .
a group of race buggies travel down a racetrack .
a person with tattoos on their arm wearing a motorcycle helmet .
a family and friends sit to eat at a table filled with many bowls of great food .
a collie runs down a slide .
a man wearing a brown jacket stands among a group of men in front of a large machine .
crowd of people climbing stairs to a platform .
two men in a bar making funny faces while holding a drink with their right hand .
a bald man in a white shirt drinks a glass of beer .
"the man in a blue shirt , wearing a helmet , is readying to climb ."
a man drilling a hole into a pumpkin .
a man is videotaping another man who is beginning to climb up a metal structure .
a man preparing to repel down a mountain .
"a middle-aged woman attired in a red skirt , brown blouse engaged in making pottery ."
"a man stands near a christian sign , as a public train passes behind him ."
a dog jumps and catches a frisbee in the grass .
young adults have barbecue in the park .
a man with a white jacket is holding a black book .
a man fishing from the shore in the winter time .
a man and a woman are looking at the view on a stairway by the sea .
baby wearing an orange shirt and matching headband with a wide smile .
a young white man with a short beard rocks out on his guitar .
a woman touching a man 's  face on a wall after they took a break from riding motorcycles .
"an adult woman and a young male child walking along a pier , holding an umbrella , while it 's  raining ."
"a school boy , with a backpack on , jumping off a wall ."
a smiling man in a white shirt is grilling on an open grill .
a white dog watching a black dog in the air .
a black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall .
a man reading a newspaper in a train .
"a dog , lying down , tethered to the side mirror of a yellow vw bus ."
two men sitting on a bench between two trees overlooking an autumn landscape .
the boy hits the blue and white soccer ball with his knee .
a man is intently observing a slide through a microscope .
a child is looking up at an adult while sitting in a stroller on a city sidewalk .
a toddler girl in a swing is laughing .
a group of seven people are eating at a table draped in a black tablecloth .
two men are chopping down weeds in their yard .
a man in a red coat is driving a vehicle .
woman and small black dog walking across pavement
a group of children running in the grass .
"a man in purple , white , and yellow on stilts ."
"a man in a tattered shirt and pants , sitting on a chair and weaving something ."
man in flowery costume and hat performs with hula-hoop in city street .
a man wearing a green jacket and knit hat is sorting tomatoes at an outdoor market .
two dogs are running through the surf .
a dog is running through high grass with a woman wearing red in the background .
a woman waiting on a sidewalk for something .
a man sits on the sidewalk in front of an asian restaurant as people pass .
a group of people standing around two men sitting wearing turbans .
a goalie attempts to block a puck hit by a player at an ice hockey game .
an asian woman rides a bicycle in front of two cars .
a woman seated at a table is knitting and watching a hockey game on tv .
a woman works a project with thread in hand .
one boy is trying to kiss another in a school lunch room .
the passengers on the bus are bored .
an elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead .
"a group of people working at a conference table , in an office ."
asian man in suit and glasses takes a nap by the doors in a subway .
a boy looks down and spreads his arms wide
"a group of people wearing blue shirts , standing in the grass ."
a bicyclist and a man in a suit are sitting near a fountain talking on cellphones .
a beautiful long-haired blond girl dressed in a blue and green bikini walking down a street
a street performer with a white face watches people walk by .
"a line of people going through an arid region past a sign , the people are either walking or riding animals ."
a married couple is sitting in a vehicle .
several motorcycles are parked on one parking space .
a small girl slides down a spiral slide at the playground .
two men working outside cleaning the street in their orange uniforms .
a policeman is shown working a block party .
a male is standing on a base pitching a ball .
two young girls are riding red tricycles .
beautiful woman dancing on a parade float holding a little boy .
a many dressed in army gear walks on the crash walking a brown dog .
"a man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog , with a loudspeaker in the foreground , and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background ."
man taking a picture in a crowd of people .
a man and a woman walk through the street during a parade .
a group of people competing in the race for a cure .
a large group of people are walking for a cause .
a fisherman works on his net while on shore .
a group of people are riding on a john deere tractor in a field .
there is a group of small children some wearing backpacks sitting on a hill .
a group of people are riding on a train while looking out of a window .
a man and child posing in front of a train .
the little boy in the red shirt put his head out of the window of the train .
people walking on a sidewalk past a parked train .
young children and adults walk around platform 9 next to the train .
three women chat while sitting in a waiting area .
a woman in a pink jacket is walking past a display window with a red dress in an urban setting .
a person reading something is sitting under the tree .
2 men painting a wooden bench outside .
two nurses sitting on a bench waiting for a bus .
a man is standing next to a red door .
an older workman is standing in wet cement with a trowel .
a man in a blue shirt is standing in a doorway .
a man holding a camera underwater .
a brown dog faces a black dog and a white dog in a field of long grass .
three dogs are running through a grassy field .
many people are standing on a bus with bright yellow overhead handles .
a little boy shakes the snow off of a tree .
a younger child wearing a red sweater showing us whats in his hand .
a man drilling a hole into a metal canister .
a dog walking along a cracked and ashen surface .
seven people sitting around a black table playing a card game .
a man in a black shirt and glasses is slicing a tomato at a kitchen table .
young boys bringing home some fruit .
crouching man in all white shirt and pants is working with a large loom .
a man picking up a big rock .
"two people in rafting gear standing on a dry , rocky riverbank , pointing at the river ."
a boy is kicking a ball as other children watch him .
four elderly women sit and speak on a park bench .
man in white shirt and tan pants is putting new shingles on roof .
construction workers in yellow and orange work on a city street .
a man pushes a four wheeled card down the street .
a man wearing a red life vest waves as he waterskiis .
person in red ski jacket skiing backwards
a man wearing a red life jacket is water-skiing across a bay .
a child with and adult hand .
"a girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men , one carrying a guitar , walk by ."
two young boys playing checkers in a room .
people at a dock receiving and shipping out merchandise near a nice big white boat .
a woman sits in rocks by the ocean .
a fisherman fishes at the bank of a foggy river .
a man plays his guitar on the beach .
in this distorted photo a man is shown on a dirt path with a jumping dog .
young man peeling lemon with a knife into a red basket .
a black dog leaps out of the water .
group of participants walk behind float in asian parade .
"two people sitting , facing away , with dreadlocks ."
a construction worker building walls with a drill .
a couple stands at the top of the stairs and two people stand at the bottom .
the music concert is just started at the giant stadium
traffic cop directing traffic in front of a car with ohio plates on it .
a blond man passionately sings into the microphone .
a person with a multicolored hat stands just behind a mosaic featuring spanish words and in front of a grassy hill .
two women float in a busch gardens barrel through a winding water ride .
a female biker dressed in red uses a communication device while another walks by .
two men are waiting on the street corner though it is raining .
two men in black coats stand by the side of a building .
a man in a red shirt plays an electric guitar .
a group of adults and children are at an amusement park watching over a railing .
a man pushes a child on a toy train set .
bum listening to the radio by a light post near the beach .
a little girl gets in to a pool .
a boy and a middle-aged woman are walking out from a crowd outside .
a man and a boy are tasting fruit .
a man and a woman enjoy a nice meal at an outdoor restaurant .
a man in a yellow shirt is sawing some plywood .
"a woman in a blue , tan and beige striped shirt is smoking ."
a young man is standing in the kitchen holding a large casserole dish .
a man in a red shirt and a woman in a colorful shirt and sitting outside .
a lively adult karate practice at the dojo .
a young baby wearing green is playing with the vacuum hose on the floor .
a man and woman are washing dirty dishes inside a kitchen .
a white male entertainer on the street wearing a black shirt and blue hat with a yellow stripe .
a artist painting the wall covered in bamboo .
"man in black shirt hugging woman in white shirt , gray skirt ."
a girl with a pink shirt is running through flowery grass .
a few tourists taking pictures of their dogs with the cloudy sky as the background .
a man playing guitar and singing outdoors .
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a dress having a conversation while drinking .
two people are carrying a basket filled with food down the alleyway .
"while seated on a chair , a man wearing a blue shirt , gray pants , multicolored bandanna , and no shoes is blowing through a long tube ."
construction workers fixing railroad track .
a construction worker does some grinding on a piece of iron .
two woman playing around and smiling .
workers in reflective clothing with shovels on a train track .
two women walking by a store and looking in .
a mother stands in a kitchen holding a small baby .
a young boy is sitting on the grass .
two men having a conversation about business over beers .
two women with brown hair talk .
a woman wearing a babushka is sitting and sleeping inside a flower shop .
a group of people are working on a sand sculpture .
"there is a group of people and a black dog in a living and dining room , some sleeping some eating ."
physically challenged person sitting on his wheelchair in a park .
a child sleeps on a couch with his mouth open and his hand draped across his chest .
five adults are sitting on stone steps .
a young woman in a green blouse holding a plastic bag standing on the subway .
the store was open even though a man was working on the building .
a man at work is doing a small welding job with a soldering tool .
a brown and white dog trotting down the road in autumn .
a young person with a mohawk and a nose piercing in a plaid shirt .
a man in a purple jacket has an expression on his face .
an elderly woman wearing a bathing suit is holding a picket sign while participating in a demonstration about immigration .
a bongo player wearing a red shirt playing in a band .
two soccer team on a soccer field with the referee .
three boys playing soccer .
"two boys are standing in the middle of the street , the one with black shorts is standing back clapping his hands together while the other on in gray is running forward ."
a boy running on the sidewalk in front of a blue building .
a black and white dog plays in the water .
a child on a fake horse ride .
a man with a microphone reads from a piece of paper as he stands in front of two men holding tubas .
a crowd is watching a dog climb up a staircase .
an woman sits on a gray bench in front of a concrete wall with graffiti .
a man wearing a black shirt and jeans is bowling with a ball and 9 spray cans .
a woman in a dark blue t-shirt is weaving a striped piece of material .
an antelope runs through tall brown grass .
a lady wearing a ball cap learns to weave cloth from a lady instructor .
a street performer with a guitar .
two men wearing black vests and white shirts and a girl are holding bottles of beer .
two individuals intertwined along a cement walkway .
two girls are walking along the street and talking .
man in suit takes a nap in the park .
a small boy wearing blue balances as he walks on a large rock .
two dogs playing on grass .
"three men are set up outside in front of a building , each playing an instrument ."
cheerleaders are on the field cheering .
mexican women in decorative white dresses perform a dance as part of a parade .
two men wearing coats and holding guns carrying a dead rabbit .
a man wearing a suit stands on the street with his right hand outstretched .
the man waves to his family from atop the bridge .
the picture is of a woman competing in a race doing the backstroke .
three men enjoying a good laugh .
two men in light colored shirts and dark pants sit on a balcony conversing as a lone car passes below .
a woman in a pink bikini next to a man in brown .
a female walking wearing a string bikini towards a man in a striped shirt .
customers standing in line at a food court .
the lady ask the dog to give her the ball on their beach walk .
two kids in a toy car at a gas station .
three kids play on a dirt path in nature .
a woman waiting by the train tracks .
two ladies are crossing a street right in front of a restaurant .
a guy is kayaking through some rapids .
a man in a white shirt and black pants stands with his left hand on top of his head .
asian children playing by a rail .
3 children wearing hats playing on a horse
a little girl poses on her bike with her dog in the woods .
a young child being hugged by a woman with light brown hair .
men with bagpipes and kilts stand around in a circle .
three men in camouflage clothing and another man in a hat and red shirt and blue shorts standing in front of a building .
the man in the striped shirt is taking a picture of the other man in gray .
two old men sit next to a young asian woman in strange looking chairs .
children dressed in halloween costumes are enjoying a performance .
a little girl in a blue coat is rocking on a red playground toy .
a man in a suit passing by a record shop .
a man is walking two poodles on leashes in a city .
little girl in a blue dress uses a pink hula-hoop .
"a team of dogs , and a woman following on a bike ."
a man plays steel drums near the water as people pass by .
a man in a yellow hat holds a colorful blow-up hammer .
three people walk past a man playing a flute on the sidewalk .
young women wearing a brown two piece swimsuit building a sand castle on a beach .
a family is lounging on their porch .
three people are looking at the ground near a table and several chairs .
two small children climbing the steps onto a plane .
two hockey players stand and compete for the puck while a goalie crouches in front of the net .
the hikers are climbing up the mountains .
a runner is being handed a water bottle from a woman in a teal jacket holding an umbrella .
a lady and a toddler stare at themselves in a mirror .
an asian woman in a pink sweater holding incense sticks .
a child sliding face first down a metal tube
a man holds on to a handle in the water .
a group of people looking at a little baby with blond-hair .
a boy in a swimsuit walking in the sand towards the water
"a man in a purple shirt , surrounded by people ."
an orange cat with black stripes on a beach .
kids playing basketball in an old court .
a group of people are walking around a crowded area with dirt on the ground .
the brown dog catches a ball in the air .
a group of people hold on as they ride on public transportation .
several people walking down a flight of stone stairs during the day .
three boys play around a fountain in an office building courtyard .
wet girl in yellow swimsuit looks over cliff to a swimmer in the water .
a brown dog is running towards three other dogs .
a man stares at another man observing his shaving technique .
a toyota truck is parked outside a busy store being renovated .
there is a big yellow backhoe in the middle of the street .
a man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it .
a small brown dog is playing with a fuzzy slipper .
two girls in matching pink and white dresses and two smaller boys in matching black and white shirts .
a caucasian man wearing a black t-shirt is holding up two sticks .
a baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture .
"three men are together , two sitting and one standing ."
a woman with a red cape is getting her haircut .
the lady in the black shirt is fixing the other lady 's  hair .
a woman is cutting another woman 's  hair as she smiles at the camera .
the lady is wearing a blue fire department shirt .
a man in a blue shirt wearing glasses uses a thin paintbrush to paint on a large canvas .
people walk down a city street past a record store .
the legs and mid-sections of two people with skateboards .
a curious child is seen enjoying a projector .
a man in a purple getting his haircut with a giant blow dryer faced towards him .
a man sitting down reading in the subway station .
a fully dressed young woman runs a pole down into a swimming pool .
a young boy showing off while walking his white dog in a neighborhood .
a boy is holding onto and running along with a merry-go-round .
a blond lady with sunglasses smiles .
a large campfire at night with several people sitting around it .
two workers in orange vests perform their job .
"a group of men are dressed in old military costumes , carrying instruments as if in a parade ."
a man is hanging from the edge of a rock while two others catch him .
the dog swims through the water toward the waterfall .
the happy bride and groom waited for the photographer to take their picture .
black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs .
a group of girls is sitting in the dance studio .
a girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs .
a young girl is swinging in a backyard .
a group of children play in the street where water is sprayed .
a girl in a red shirt is outside crying .
two dogs on leashes straining toward each other while their owners walk away from each other .
the little boy has a butterfly on his dirt-laden hands .
a woman in a green sweater is sitting down with a tennis racket about to hit a tennis ball .
man wearing headscarf grasping a tree in the jungle .
a child in a striped shirt gleefully plays among some water fountains .
men are sitting on stairs as a woman walks by .
black dog with a red collar is climbing over fence posts .
a child dressed like a pirate smiles .
two dogs are running next to each other on the grass .
a man gets air time on his wakeboard .
"two males are sitting on a dock , one of which is playing guitar , and another two are standing in front of them ."
two children are playing a game near a stage area .
woman in blue jacket and woman in denim outfit with a group on a mountain .
"an elderly man , wearing a white hat , is sweeping a parking lot ."
a veteran 's  parade with three of the flag bearers presenting their flags .
a man on a truck decorated with flags and bunting .
a masked man in a halloween mask looks on at a woman .
a woman in a black blouse playing a card game .
"two females , one wearing blue the other black , smiling and laughing"
a girl in a jacket on a bed .
"many people are on the beach , near a building with flags flying ."
black dogs jump in pool to a hand .
a man that is wearing a gray military shirt with medals and a light blue cap with gold on it is waving his arm .
"a person at a table , dressed in a black costume ."
"an older gentleman , wearing a t-shirt and shorts , is flipping burgers on a large stainless steel gas grill ."
a very happy singer in an extravagant outfit .
a woman carrying a mannequin is walking down the sidewalk and talking on a mobile phone .
a child stands alone holding a red balloon looking into a dark interior .
a man driving down the street in an old fashioned fire engine waves at onlookers during a parade .
an old man with a mustache is sitting down holding a gun and smiling .
a woman wearing a red cloth on her head passes in front of a blue shack while as she walks down the street .
a female cheerleader in a shiney blue cheerleaders outfit leaps across stage while performing .
a woman wears a devil costume and poses in front of a fountain .
a group of dhl employees pose in the parking lot for a photograph .
three people walking on a trail in the middle of the day .
a waitress talking with a man at an outside cafe .
"a child , carrying a closed blue umbrella , is walking with another child who is under a yellow umbrella , on a muddy path ."
a clown is smiling for a picture during a parade .
two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains .
a kid in a black shirt standing behind the counter at a store .
"a man is sitting at a laptop , while two men (one sitting , one standing up) face each other in the background ."
a dog with a harness and a toy its mouth .
a chinese man wearing a traditional chinese rice hat carries a balanced load across his shoulder with the use of a long stick .
a woman is painting a copy of a picture hanging on the wall .
four sports fans walking together with garbage bags on their heads that read c u b s .
two men in white uniforms with black belts are competing in a martial arts tournament .
a group of people march in a parade on a sunny day guiding an oscar the grouch float .
man cutting cake on a pink mat .
a cat sits on a piano behind open sheet music and a glass lamp that is on .
a man with a red bowtie singing a solo with a full men 's  choir in the background .
"a military man playing drums from america 's  corp fort lewis , washington while in a parade"
the most amazing recreational activity outdoor camping .
a little girl with blond-hair and blue eyes is wearing a sweater while she sits next to a warm fire .
a man cutting a piece of cake at an office party .
a man in a brown coat is wearing a helmet and riding a bicycle while carrying two plastic bags .
a man wearing a red costume stands near others .
a woman in a red hat and dress sits alone on a park bench .
a man is laughing while wearing a white shirt .
"middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket , slips her hand inside a man 's  pants pocket ."
someone sitting on a yellow motorcycle .
a younger boy is at the dentist holding someone 's  hand .
a man touches a painting on a wall .
a lady and a man kneeling down holding a string while another lady looks at them .
a man in a yellow shirt is cutting his birthday cake .
a man in a black coat and blue shirt is talking on his phone indoors .
young people sit on the rocks beside their recreational vehicle .
a man with a tattoo holding a mop near a video game store .
"two man , one in a baseball uniform are throwing a ball ."
a large group of people watching fire works together .
a person in uniform is standing and their shadow is being cast next to them .
a small girl is on a baseball field where an older man is gesturing toward the crowd .
an old man in a white hat is napping at a fishing pier .
visitors travel along a mountain path as they walk along a safety fence .
good samaritan pulling an extremely drunken man out of the street onto the sidewalk to avoid him from being run over .
"a woman looking in a telescope to look at something really small , most likely some sort of science lab ."
"five people , wearing dark blue shirts , give a presentation outdoors ."
a kid on the beach buried himself in sand with only his head exposed .
a woman talking to a group of three other women .
"a girl , with face paint on , who is wearing a red shirt is painting an image ."
a female looks on as a man restrains a young boy .
a woman wearing glasses and a yellow shirt is holding her hand out .
two guys on a beach holding a third guy by his arms and ankles .
a group of young men is buried up to their chest in sand .
"a woman and a child are walking on a leaf-lined sidewalk , heading towards two people riding horses ."
people walk by the construction that is occurring in a city .
two men with bags run in the same direction .
a man holding a walkie talkie in front of an open green box with controls in it .
"a young man in a tie , pushing his bike ."
a blond-haired man dressed in dark colors sitting next to a woman dressed in green and wearing a black beret .
a group of men are cleaning up debris
the smiling woman in the red helmet is outdoors holding a very long rope .
crowds of people dancing during a street festival .
a man and two young children play music for a group of onlookers .
three men in a living room having a discussion .
a man driving a green jeep is crossing over large rocks .
a woman with heavy makeup is standing next to a red light sign .
a dog catches a frisbee as it jumps on the grass .
crowd gathers to listen to a band
"a man walking across a crosswalk with long hair , a green hoodie , and a backpack ."
blond woman sitting on dock wearing a white dress .
woman in white bikini top and blue shorts with body of water in the background .
many bicyclists racing along a dirt road .
"two little boys , from the waist up , in a martial arts match , one delivering a punch and the other blocking ."
two kids with yellow belts are dueling in a martial arts class .
a pregnant lady is sitting at an outside restaurant table and caressing her stomach .
a man wearing red pants about to reach the ground .
"a group of young children , boys and girls , are playing a game of soccer ."
a young boy dressed in blue and white is kicking a soccer ball .
"a group of people form a procession , several of them holding signs with photographs on them ."
the boy in red swimming trunks is jumping on the sand .
two asian children sitting in chairs in the street on summer day .
a man is swinging on a rope above the water .
there is a man swinging off a rope swing into a lake .
the crowd at a game in la takes their seats .
a group of volunteers working with children to do a toy drive outside of a toys r us for children in need .
a woman in black is taking photographs .
a small boy in a bathing suit walks over a drain grid while water is sprinkled on him .
"a perspiring , tattooed man plays a guitar ."
a bird 's  eye view of four people standing in the middle of tall rocks .
people are standing or walking near railroad tracks .
a man in a purple shirt riding a red bike .
a man gives a boy high-fives outside a barber shop .
"four kids , two girls and two boys going on an adventure in a canoe ."
people with safety vests stand in a field with shovels .
a man in a yellow vest is smoking and working in a field .
a man in heavy windbreaker clothing walking through a field .
three men in safety vests work along a roadside .
two men in blue uniforms and green workman vest .
a man drives a piece of farm equipment in a field .
girls are trying to hit the ball during a volleyball game .
two dogs are running through water carrying a rope and red float in their mouths .
two men peering down from scaffolding .
a man in a black cap and blue shirt is looking for gold .
a man in a green shirt smoothing wet concrete .
an older asian man stands next to a large tub of rice .
a woman sits next to a bucket of collected clams .
a man in a black shirt is playing percussion on a set of empty five gallon buckets .
a woman selling flowers on the street corner .
"a tall man and a shorter man walking and talking , wearing the same sandals ."
two men are filling out paperwork for a man in a red shirt who is behind the counter .
a band performs on stage while the crowd raises their hands and clap .
a man is standing underneath a large bell .
"two men standing in dark clothing at a bus stop , one is reading the newspaper ."
a blond woman wearing jeans is reading on a bench .
a little girl in a pink dress crying .
men enjoying a sandwich at a street fair .
"a large , black dog with something in its mouth is coming out of a pool of water ."
a man and woman wearing mickey mouse ears in a crowd .
a young man is texting while standing in front of a poster .
two young men are standing on the sidewalk talking to each other .
a black man wearing a blue shirt and some bling starring into the camera .
woman stands against wall filled with old advertisements wearing a short white shirt with jean jacket and skirt .
a black male leaning up against a wall with a water bottle .
two long-haired little girls are sitting on a platform .
a woman in a blue outfit pulls a cat off the roof of a car .
many people are walking through a crowded outdoor marketplace .
two workers in their hard hats and safety vests stand near a yellow block of concrete .
a male drummer and a female singer at a performance .
a man in a black suit and straw hat holds a tennis racket as if it were a guitar .
a poor woman in a shawl is digging for rocks .
a man is bent overlooking at something on a rocky beach .
a woman giving a cup to an african american man .
a man in a black shirt selling fruit at the market .
indian ladies dancing in front of crowd
a man in the background about to roll a die with army men and a die in the foreground
a young woman performs a balance beam routine in front of spectators .
a group of people are standing in front of a train .
crowd shuffles past opening in old structure .
"two men dressed in white shirts button down shirts , white hats , with blue scarves tied around their necks"
a man is standing outside at a cafe .
people standing in front of watermelons on side of the street .
girl sitting in fire for a show
two young girls are wearing bathing suits and standing under falling water .
a black and white dog runs in some leaves .
a boy in a renaissance fair costume is standing by cars parked on grass .
a black dog and a tan dog fighting .
a woman is soldering a piece of metal as a man watches .
"a young man climbs a mountain , another follows below ."
a boy does a cartwheel on a rock cliff .
an older gentleman looking down at his beer .
woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for john 's  pizza and gyro in the background .
little train rides with the family .
a woman is stirring the contents of a cooking pot .
a city street is being cleaned by a man in a green vehicle .
a gray dog explores a fallen tree in the woods .
four women sharing a meal are laughing together .
man in green shirt and cargo khakis standing next to a green jeep .
three girlfriends are sitting in a darkened theater .
an elderly man pushes a cart with a loved one 's  memorial picture down the street .
a woman in a green vest is taking a picture of a horse .
a young boy wearing a red shirt stands in the street with his arms open wide .
a man holding onto a small girl on a bike .
a man wearing a black shirt and a little girl wearing an orange dress share a treat .
"a man , seated , serves food to a little girl ."
woman and older man are walking side-by-side on treadmills in a fitness room .
a guy is singing into a microphone .
a woman shields her eyes from the sun as she walks on a city street .
people walk around a crowded market street .
a couple in jeans strolls down a street that is adjacent to an area being blocked off with orange netting .
two girls are laying in bed with two small dogs .
a man and a woman are posing for a photo beside a rack of clothes .
a climber is scaling a mountain cliff .
two women wearing what appears to be airline stewardess attire and sunglasses waving inside a building .
a man is standing in front of a prince st. cafe .
"small girl in red , white and black dress looks at large silver orbs ."
the young children are petting a piglet
a dog walks on a red plank by a blue railing .
"an older woman in a burberry coat , eating ."
a woman in black with a tan suit jacket is standing at a podium speaking to an audience .
a young girl running down a street .
"a man in a tie plays guitar while a well dressed woman looks over sheet music , possibly to sing ."
as i overlook the city i pick up my guitar because of the inspiration .
a blond child is running down a field with his tongue sticking out .
a guy reads a book while sitting in front of a piano .
a person rows a boat over a large body of water .
a dog on a beach dragging an item
a mother cradles her school-aged son in her arms .
a woman mounts a ladder to paint the ceiling .
a person on a bike has a white dog on a leash .
a woman with glasses is giving a presentation to two women sitting down .
a woman is receiving help from the female behind the counter .
a man in a green shirt holds out a clipboard for a woman in pink 's  attention .
a male security officer stands at his post behind another man in a patterned sweater .
"two guys , in black shirts , smoking outside ."
a woman in black flips through pages of a book in a library as a girl in white wearing headphones smiles .
a woman helping another woman out with a website on a computer .
two children fall headfirst into a colorful ball pit while a third child watches .
a retail professional pauses while interacting with customers .
three dogs running around in the grass with woods in the background
kids and adults playing in shallow water in a city .
groom wearing black and gray tux and bride wearing a white dress are being sprinkled with flowers .
"a happy , beautiful bride getting out of a luxury car ."
man cycles through diry bike path wearing white helmet and gloves
a group of people having conversations at a restaurant .
a houston baseball player has caught a ball and is now throwing the ball towards another team member .
three people on stage singing and playing instruments .
three people shopping in an isle in a foreign grocery store .
four boys jumping into an inground pool .
a small white dog climbs over a log .
a lady setting up multicolored balls in a contraption .
"two men , both wearing bright yellow vests and jeans , are working on a roof ."
a man in a white outfit is playing an electric keyboard .
a man in a floppy hat and bright yellow shorts is standing in mud .
a man is speaking into a microphone .
an elderly man is walking down the sidewalk wearing black shorts and a white shirt .
a red-haired woman talking on the phone while petting a brown and tan dog .
a man is standing under an arch near a wendy 's  restaurant .
a male child holding a ball standing on the sidewalk .
a road is blocked and police are lined up around it .
a group of young people sitting and talking .
a casual guy having a drink in a asian bar .
a dog is shaking water off of itself .
two dogs tug on a pink and orange ball from opposite ends .
a man in casual attire is giving a presentation .
a newborn infant sleeps on his side after a long day .
two gentlemen are in the middle of a computer class .
"a woman wearing a t-shirt , shorts , and sandals , is miniature golfing in front of flowers and a walkway ."
four men are walking on the street in a cold weather
"one girl is standing on the street , and the other is crouching looking at something on the ground ."
two people sit in front of computers and a large dark window .
people are riding and rowing a boat near the coastline .
"two men , one carrying a black garbage bag ."
a man in a sweatshirt places a garbage bag over a mailbox .
a man in a black shirt and baseball cap picking up trash in an empty lot .
a baby plays with food while sitting in a highchair .
a man sits on a red cloth on the ground near a blue post .
a group of several teenage boys walking along the roadside with a garbage bag .
a girl and a boy are sitting next to each other in a vehicle .
a man with a visor and blue top has thrown a frisbee off into the distance .
one guy about to throw a frisbee .
a man is throwing a blue frisbee at a frisbee golf target .
two men packaging donuts in plastic wrap .
a boy in a gray hooded sweatshirt is throwing away a bag of garbage into a green dumpster .
men and women eating as one women is working on a computer .
"two asian women are holding up a partially filled trash bag , smiling ."
man in black carrying tattered cloth .
"a young man is taking a bag of trash to the dumpster , after picking up litter on the street ."
a couple walking on a sidewalk along a strip mall .
a man wearing a green tank top and a white hat singing into a microphone .
a young man in a colorful costume sings into a microphone .
a man throwing a garbage man into a dumpster while another man holds the lid .
men in colorful shirts show camaraderie after a bicycle race .
a boy floats with the aid of a brown device in a body of water .
a group of people in hard hats building a house .
a group of construction workers building a house .
three men are building a roof .
four children are reading a recipe in a professional kitchen while the ingredients are laid out on the table .
two people with bikes standing in front of a building .
there is a group of children getting their picture taken with presents .
a fisherman has his foot caught in his net .
a shirtless man wearing light blue shorts and a baseball cap stands at the front of a boat .
a man is standing in water thinking about something .
two men dressed up before a big event .
a man sings and plays a white guitar .
a man walking while holding the hand of a small child .
a teenage boy performs a stunt on his skateboard in a skate park .
an older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays .
coeds sit on a stone picnic table and eat lunch in the courtyard .
"a man stands near a street in a suit with a sign saying  "" stop raping my wife! "" "
people skating at a rollerskating rink .
a boy with red-hair holds up an ice cream cone for an older man to sample .
a young boy is playing in a stream bed
people in a dark room that has walls illuminated by green lights and one person is holding up their cellphone .
a man wearing a shirt and tie at the top of an elevator shaft .
a man plugging in a wire while holding a guitar .
two men are using tools cutting into a green trailer .
a father and his son cutting a cake during a dinner party held at their residence in texas .
two men are standing and one has a hose .
wet black and white dog with black nose shaking off water .
a blond-haired woman walks a dog down the street in flip-flops .
a man in a blue shirt walks holding a young boy 's  hand outside in a garden .
a boy stands in water near a frisbee .
a woman sits with her feet in a shallow pool and looks at a puppy .
a man with a blue mask reading a book .
a black and white dog wearing a harness licks a brunette wearing glasses .
woman in a green top and blue jeans bowling .
a man with a cigarette in his mouth is riding a motorcycle .
a group of children in blue clothes stand by a gate .
two men in white shirts working in a old building .
"a street scene featuring oncoming traffic , including cars and motorbikes ."
"two women wearing gray t-shirts , one holding two brown paper bags , leaving a charted bus ."
"a woman in a tank-top , cutting another woman 's  clothing ."
a baby with brown curly hair enjoying a drink .
large earth moving equipment at work .
a man in a hard hat is operating a digger .
a brown dog in a canoe looks out over still waters .
three men in white are painting the railing of the pier blue .
a group of people sitting on a deck .
people are having a conversation and a water bottle fell on the ground .
a boy in blue and green pants lies against a wall .
a tan dog is standing in front of some plants .
a man is wrestling a bull while spectators watch .
an elderly women buying shampoo and conditioner at a store .
a photographer is taking photos of flowers .
a rock climber leans out from a crag against a deep blue sky .
a man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles .
a group of young men are wrestling and horsing around in a dirt pit .
the women is holding a picture of a child laying on the ground .
a man in a white coat cutting meat with a very sharp cleaver .
it looks like choir practice in an older ornate church .
"a man is walking down the street on an autumn day , kicking leaves in the air ."
the man in the orange shirt is giving a speech .
two children are playing with a soccer ball on grass .
a little redheaded boy plays whack em !
a dog is on a leash held by a woman in white shoes .
a man shaving neck with razor .
a woman is eating a salad in the stands at an arena event .
people search for their seats in a stadium .
two toddlers are eating corndogs in a small wagon or bin .
"bicyclists , a woman pushing a child in a stroller , and people sitting in a park ."
a young boy in a blue shirt stands next to a woman sitting on the ground .
a woman reaches into a box of candy while a man stands nearby .
several people watch a female rock band performing on a stage full of yellow banners .
a woman is listening to the band on stage .
"an older woman smiling , in a blue coat , with her dog ."
a man showering in a home outdoor shower facility .
a man in a blue shirt is looking up at a child with a red striped shirt and blue jeans .
a man in a woman within a house happily socializing .
a man is cleaning his yard with a leaf blower .
a man and woman look upward on a city block .
a long-haired man is playing the recorder and a seagull is sitting nearby on a wall .
two people running on the shore of a beach
little boy watching baby as brother gets a henna tattoo .
a man in a gray shirt is yawning .
a chef working on a cooktop stove that is covered with pots and various utensils .
a boy caches a fish while a girl points at the fish .
a barber in a black shirt carefully cutting a young boy 's  hair .
two snorkelers are in a very blue sea swimming by an orange buoy .
"a woman in an apron and white shirt stands behind a full buffet table , while a man is bent over behind her ."
a group eating lunch on break .
"two men kickbox in a ring , one man punching the other ."
people stand in a cluttered alley .
two small asian boys are posing for camera in a green gated room .
a group of people are sitting in a circle enjoying themselves .
a little old woman peaks out from behind the blue doorway and three pairs of plastic sandals .
3 people in a small hut or house .
a young child is held above a man 's  head as her hair flies in the air .
two men riding bikes on highway .
there are group of girls from different ethnicity doing children cheerleading moves in a gym on a mat .
a man in khaki pants is standing on a trashcan and hugging a pole .
a group of people jump into a lake in unison .
a dog drinking out of a water spigot .
a child is pushed by a large wave while holding his yellow surfboard .
a graduating student in robes speaks to a professor .
a girl in white is swinging a sword .
social awkward girl looking outside a window onto the street outside .
two men are hiking with a small child near to some interesting shape rock formations .
a middle-aged man wearing a red hat is fishing .
two boys are standing on sand next to an overturned chair .
boy with a blue towel and white hat holding goggles and a snokel .
a boy swimming who is wearing goggles .
a child taking a break from playing to eat an ice cream .
someone takes a cloth off of a green bay packers football player .
a woman with a messenger bag is riding a bike .
a brindle-coated dog is growling at a jumping brown dog with purple collar inside a park enclosure .
heavy machinery in use at a factory .
two boys are harnessed to a tree and are swinging across a wire .
four women are working together to make food .
"an asian man lies on a tiled floor with two children , using old clothes for pillows ."
shirtless man balancing on unfinished roof .
two men in bullet proof vests watch over a crowd by some white tents .
a little boy playing soccer at the park .
a little boy in a blue shirt kicking a soccer ball around .
a man walking into the shadows .
a group of soldiers crouch over a fire pit with meat cooking on the grill .
elder man is working on a project in his home workshop .
a young man is smoking a cigarette while holding a maroon guitar .
an elderly man is outside carrying plants .
"two children in the bathroom , one stands while the other reads a book and uses the toilet ."
two asian men in dark suits talking .
a man dressed in black and white is using a sharp tool to cut wood .
two people on a boat looking at the sunset .
a girl wearing blue and brown holding bags standing in the end of a tunnel .
three window washers in blue uniforms work on scaffolding .
two young men play outside near a golden statue of ghandi .
two dogs are playing with a toy outdoors .
two men race around a dirt track on bicycles while a handful of onlookers watch from behind a fence .
"a woman sitting in a park , talking on a cellphone ."
three people stand close to three multicolored hot air balloons .
six very colorful hot air balloons getting ready to fly .
the boy is holding a basketball on a wooden basketball court .
a boy dribbles a basketball in the gymnasium .
a young boy in motion in front of potted plants and a beige wall .
a young woman with a blue helmet climbing up a rock .
a man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue hard hats .
a lady is inflating an incredible hulk toy .
a person in a parachute with a american flag attached to him .
someone is parachuting down and almost touching the ground .
a young girl in a striped shirt holds an electronic noisemaker she built herself .
a man is parachuting next to a jet .
a seasoned photographer snaps photo despite being weighed down by all his gear .
young children have fun while playing sack jumping in park .
a group of children have fun in sack race .
baby sleeping in his car seat .
a man in a gray jacket and white shirt is leaning against a railing and talking to another man .
a middle-aged man riding his black motorcycle through a neighborhood .
a man in a black shirt is rollerblading past a bench in the city .
two men fillet a fish at a sink while others watch .
people are sitting on step along the water and fishing .
a woman hanging onto the end of a raft .
a woman with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs .
a woman wearing a pink shirt is using workout equipment .
three people walk on a rainy night down a street in china .
a man wearing shorts and no shirt is squatting .
a bicycle is parked in front of a shop that has a large orange sign .
preparing a fish dinner for the family .
a boy with a blue hat points towards a bowl full of cork .
a woman is holding a baby while another child stands by her side .
a dad and his boys are out as a family doing the family chores with their livestock .
a man with a hat is cooking barbecue .
three women of different ages in white dresses sitting in a dusty clearing in front of trees .
passengers riding the rail through town .
two women in uniform stand on the side of the road as a woman in white cowboy boots walk by .
i think the construction work is going on here .
"five hikers traverse a dry , scrubby plain towards snowy peaks in the background ."
a group of children hold balloon animals .
a girl in a green jacket is kneeling taking a picture of another girl standing up .
man in white polo t-shirt with glasses plays a red guitar .
"a shirtless man diving into a fenced , green pool while there is a forest behind him ."
a choir singing to the congregation in church .
a man is sitting on a bench in front of some purple plants .
two people with bicycle helmets chatting on a bench .
man in orange coat stood on a ladder inspects a huge metal container .
a attrative woman climbs over a fence .
citizens enjoying a snowy day with reminder of summer in the background .
a girl in a jumpsuit makes a snow angel .
a man is putting shaving cream on his beard while looking in a mirror as another man stands in the background .
a man observes antiques in a store .
two shaggy yellow dogs playing in a rough manner .
several construction workers paving a parking lot .
a group of boys play flag football while some bystanders watch .
there are many people in the street .
a crowd of men in uniforms consisting of blue tops and white pants are walking .
the man is installing tile on the bathroom wall .
two guys installing tile in which is maybe a bathroom
people crowd a street in an asian city .
a group of people standing on the side of the road with an orange bus next to them .
four asian people are canoeing in three canoes .
a group of tourists aboard a small and colorful boat in the waters of a southeast asian country .
a crowd gathered around a man carrying a red japanese mask .
a person with a striped tube standing in the middle of a crowd of people .
a smiling person wearing a jacket and boots jumps in a big puddle .
three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background .
a guy and boy are riding on a skateboard together .
two dachshunds run in the grass with a blue ball .
a pharmacist is at work filling prescriptions .
a girl sings into a microphone while other girls watch her .
a brown dog playing with a tennis ball
four guys in a car with one in the middle seat turned backwards looking at the camera .
a man is holding up a plastic jug indoors .
"girl in a red coat , blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel ."
group of girls having a study party .
person in hooded sweatshirt that obscures their face sits next to a freshly cut log .
men having a tree carving contest .
two men in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a log in half .
a group of teenagers talk near a cement wall .
the woman stands in front of a rock pond and wears a red shirt .
a man wearing yellow hi-viz is grasping a wooden board .
two men sitting on a railroad tie showing the camera something in his hand .
a man makes pretzels in the kitchen .
a group of kids are standing on stage in front of an audience ready to perform .
a guy pushes cart full of water in bags on the travelator .
a woman in a purple dress is inspecting a large piece of fabric .
a woman is sleeping while sitting on a park bench .
a man in a hard hat stand on top of a pile of rubble .
an oriental woman on a crowded street pointing .
"a bride and someone from her wedding party , wearing a darker dress , are walking on the beach ."
a silver statue of men on bikes .
"a woman derssed in a black sweater , gloves , hat , and a scarf sits on the beach near a boulder ."
a little boy is standing on a peer next to a boat .
a gymnast in a blue leotard is doing a handstand on the workout floor .
a child in green shoes staring down a drain .
"a white man in a yellow shirt that says  "" glass collector ""  is pulling very hard on a very large rope ."
a boy in camouflage shorts and an orange shirt has his hat on backwards .
a lot of people on the street in front of large buildings .
a tan dog is running through shallow water with a stick in its mouth .
a man in a striped shirt watches a subway car go by .
some men are fixing something in the middle of a street .
a bald man with colored tattoos on his arms stops in the forest with two dogs .
a man stands atop a rock while looking at a bicycle .
a kid in orange plays with a ball of snow outside .
a person is walking up a snowy hill
a man in shorts is standing on a rock looking out at the view from the hilltop .
the brown dog walks through the flowers .
woman who is wearing blue bikini bottom and blue sports bra is running on an athletic track .
a female and two males in a classroom .
a brunette girl with glasses and a blond girl are talking outside on a field .
a tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball .
four men (2 observing) with helmets are digging in the ground .
an old woman is weaving a fabric .
such a beautiful day for a solitary snorkeling expedition .
a tan dog and a little girl kiss .
a faraway figure walks between trees with a light dusting of snow on them .
a dog runs to catch a frisbee on astroturf .
"a boy in red baseball gear makes a pitch , in front of a trailer park ."
a large crowd of people are gathered in the street .
person sitting in a chair selling goods outside of a building .
a child is playing with a water spout outdoors while the rest of his family watches .
a woman with short blond-hair holds her violin and bow .
a man descends a snowy mountain .
two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high
chefs on a balcony take a break from work
a large group of people in a red raft wearing red life jackets on the river
a man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain .
a child plays a red toy guitar and sings into multicolored plastic microphone .
a man paddling in water .
two men are eager to enjoy a delicious turkey in a messy kitchen .
a man is preparing a meal on a kitchen counter with three bowls .
a bald man with glasses is cutting into a turkey on the dinner table .
a man with black hair stares to his right .
the purple parachutes floats off the cliff toward the gray ocean below .
the parachutist is standing in a field near to his unfurled parachute .
a man is putting a turkey on a grill .
a group of workers building something .
"three women conversing under an umbrella , with another woman sitting alone on a bench ."
a man in blue doing kung fu .
the parachutist has a bird flying along with him .
two bird dogs competing for the kill .
a man lecturing a group of people in a medium sized room .
a child pushing their younger sibling in a stroller .
a girl in a flower dress is running on sand .
a little white baby is sitting in a suitcase .
"a crowd of people are walking , they are mostly dressed in white ."
a picture of two girls using yarn at night .
a black puppy wearing black collar sits on the grass and leaves .
a little asian boy crawls along on asphalt .
a child wearing a dark green coat carrying a toy in a toy store .
a baby holds a game control above its head and laughs .
an older man places a wooden crate on top of a stack of wooden crates .
man leaning on desk listening to someone on phone .
there is a man laying on the ground with a red and white hat on his head .
"three boys in a wooden-paneled room , one inspecting a bow ."
"there are three men , who appear to be identical , sitting at a desk with the one on the end drinking from a coffee cup ."
a man talks to a boy in a vacant area .
a group of young adult women sit in the floor knitting .
a man pushes a boy on a zip line .
a brown and black dog is running along a grassy path wearing a red jacket .
2 hikers are in the water trying to cross .
an asian man plays with his infant child in a modern apartment .
a young family sits on steps enjoying the day
adults and children stand and play in front of steps near a wooded area .
two kids standing between two red cars .
"a man is sitting with a cup of coffee , reading a newspaper ."
man in white shirt holding a snow shovel .
a brown dog and a black dog are together in tall grass .
people walking in a big puddle .
a man is doing work on shingles on a roof .
three children wrestle on a floral carpet .
a man flies through the air as a young girl standing on a couch appears to bunch him in the stomach .
a worker man hanging from a stack of metal bars .
here is a picture of a man who is working a construction job .
three dogs run across the track .
a lady in red is standing in the middle of the street between the cable car tracks .
a small boy dances on the concrete surrounded by adults .
a small child is playing with a toy in front of a wall .
a man and a woman are in the city smiling .
the sun is shining above the snow and trees .
a doctor consulting with a patient .
a large crowd and camera crew face a sports field .
there is a large skeleton behind a fence .
the riders and horses are taking a break and resting on the mountain trail .
two young children are walking down a tree lined path .
a group of muslim men lined up praying in an urban area .
a man is holding and feeding his two small children .
a man wearing a black shirt vacuums the grass .
little boy pulling a green wagon wearing a sweatshirt and boots .
a male doctor takes measure of a woman 's  blood pressure .
two dogs play fighting on sand .
a little girl in a blue and pink leotard is walking along a beam whilst a person 's  hand is stretched out to support her .
a lady and a guy are sitting down wrapping gifts .
a barefoot young boy glances at the camera while swinging in a park .
two mountain climbers are smiling on the mountainside .
a man with a dark green apron standing with his hands on his waist with a grill in the background .
a small tub sits in front of the statue .
a blond woman dances on a sunny day .
one man hands another man food from an outdoor vendor .
two old men are using jackhammers on the sidewalk while people walk by .
"two children , both in red jackets , are playing on the stairs outside ."
a young girl jumps off of a couch and high into the air .
a person in winter gear is riding a bike near an intersection .
a female with a black scarf and a helmet riding her bike .
a person looks out of the window on the a bus .
a white dog with fake antlers on its head and a brown dog play together outdoors .
a little girl dressed in pink plays hopscotch .
a woman dressed in black attire and orange scarf standing against the wall next to the map .
a group of people are congregating by a tree .
"upstairs , in a cafe , one man is eating and , at a separate table , another speaks on a cellphone , while downstairs a man sits among cardboard boxes ."
a blond-haired boy and a brown-haired girl laugh together while eating .
a woman in a bright dress laughing .
two men prepare food while standing in the kitchen
one person does a flip in the middle of the field while their friend takes a picture .
some young men are playing basketball .
three racing dogs are running out of the starting gate on a track .
a brown dog running in a yard .
an asian man in a black robe is holding up a small fan by a bush with smoke coming out of it .
a man skateboards down a steep railing next to some steps .
a dark-skinned man is cycling in a street full of traffic .
one man watches as another man does a stunt on his bicycle .
"a group of hikers , taking a short break ."
a dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck .
the woman is wearing a pink hat and is riding a bike in the park .
"a woman juggles her baby , purse , money and food from a market ."
a girl who is surrounded by other people is taking a picture at a concert .
a man wearing a brown sport coat gives a talk to an audience .
a group of motorcyclists sit on their bikes on a street .
a lovely lady is putting on makeup in the mirror .
"a man wearing a gown walking up to a canvas , spectators watching"
a black puppy chewing on a brown dog 's  neck
an elderly woman is presenting a cake to a group of kids .
a little girl is walking towards stairs where there is a pigeon .
a tan dog chases a white dog through the leafy grass
"an old man , with a gray beard , riding his bike"
two little boys with brown hair and one with blond-hair .
two police officers standing on a busy street corner .
a person on a beach in a green hang glider .
a woman wearing black and gold looking to her side .
a woman very excited looking to the right .
two women in skirts walking along the street .
a hiker is shadowed by the time of day near an open and tree-lined body of water .
a man standing by a red car with a small child peering out the window .
a man casting out a fishing line into a stream
"a person walks among large , white geometric shaped architecture ."
a man is hiking on a mountaintop on a cloudy day .
one canoe heading for another on a foggy riverbank .
a man is eating something and walking down a sidewalk past a big red and yellow sign .
a girl sitting on the ground is talking on a cellphone .
an east asian woman sits in what appears to be a subway car as two businessmen stand before her .
a woman has vegetables laid out on a display .
"a painter hanging on the side of a building painting , with two buckets strapped at his sides ."
a man in a white shirt looks on while at a street vendor .
two ladies walking on the sidewalk talking to each other .
women fawning over their newborn child and toddler .
a man and a woman carrying bags are walking down the sidewalk .
"a boy sits in the library , reading a book ."
a brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth .
a group of people in protective gear .
a woman with long red-hair is standing in her white kitchen holding a sponge and smiling to the person taking the photograph .
"a group of people hang out on the dock , drinking some beers ."
there are three men having a conversation at a social place .
a dog runs in the woods .
two women hug in a crowded room where people are having drinks .
a group of people in a building .
a brown dog with a lease is running with a person behind the dog .
two men having a conversation in an outdoor public area .
a man with glasses just sat down and is ready to eat his burger .
a young man in a blue shirt eats a hotdog .
two kids in coats posing with a snowman .
four people looking through a fence at something .
two smiling young men lying in a green papasan chair with a tan comforter over them .
a large group of people are congregated outside .
a girl was sitting at a table trying to make a gingerbread house .
a man looking out a window of a train .
three children jumping into a pool with a palm tree in the middle .
two children in identical outfits hang on a chain link fence .
a boy in pajama pants jumps on a red couch .
a man cooks sausages dressed in typical chef clothing .
a black dog plays with a bit of ice by the frozen river .
people walking down the street at a fair .
an elderly woman is riding a bicycle in the city as a yellow taxi is about to pass by .
"a female standing in a doorway , smoking a cigarette ."
"the man is wearing a scarf , jacket , and a furry hat on a snowy day ."
a boy is playing cricket .
a mom is very happy to be holding her new baby .
a black and white dog is jumping in the grass .
the black and white dog along with the brown dog are galloping outside
a woman with a helmet riding a bike .
"two boys playing cricket , one is throwing a orange ball ."
a portrait of a girl and young child .
a man looks down as a child sleeps in his arms .
a girl is holding a ball and pointing to a frisbee .
the school children wore uniforms of white shirts and navy pants or skirts and yellow name tags .
seven people sit at table in metal fold-up chairs discuss topic .
a young black child stands on the edge of a body of water near buckets .
a medium sized child jumps off of a dusty bank over a creek .
people milling around acting as if they are waiting for an answer from someone or something .
a woman wearing a red skirt is walking beside a stone wall .
a red dog crouches in the snow .
a young child dances on a straw surface .
a boy is pulling a wild face whilst waving cooking implements in his hands .
two girls holding drinks and looking at something on a cellphone .
small child in knit hat and coat holds a snow shovel in a snowdrift .
a group of people looking into their cameras
a man on a kayak coming down a raging waterfall
a man in a yellow boat paddling down rough waters .
a little girl wearing a purple dress looks down at the camera .
a man smiles in his blue and green kayak .
woman and a man standing across street from each other at a crosswalk .
a man and woman are drinking at a bar .
a man in a parking lot next to a red truck putting a box into it .
the rear end of an animal whose front end is underground .
a mustached man in a white shirt is at a stand that displays cigarettes and glass bottles of various sodas .
looks to be a large gathering of people rapped in burgundy clothes .
two men dressed up with fur around them with whole noses and hats and sunglasses on .
people pose for a picture in the snow
"a young white man , wearing dark pants and a light colored t-shirt playing a french horn in a band ."
a older man in a hawaiian shirt carrying a large bundle on his shoulders .
a damaged vehicle is carried by a repair truck in a nighttime scene .
two little girls are laying on the grass smiling .
"two men , without any shirts on , are playing table tennis"
a man wearing sunglasses is playing the guitar .
an man with a black ski cap and a red and white headband looks into the distance .
a barefoot little boy sweeping a brick floor .
a dog with a newspaper in his mouth runs down a paved path .
three women sitting on a bench waiting for the bus .
man in a black bodysuit is surfing in the ocean .
three black dogs swimming in dirty water
a young girl holding a cake with candles dressed in a heavy coat .
a brown dog is walking in the water .
one man wearing brown and red is playing golf indoors .
a man hikes on a dirt path high above a city .
a lone hiker on a dirt hiking trail with a hat and sunglasses on with trees in the background
hiker standing on top of a rock overlooking a town .
two men stand near a piece of large machinery .
"two men , dresses in jackets and gloves , blowing leaves ."
"two men wearing work attire , stands next to an eighteen-wheeler , outside a large plant ."
the woman and children are standing next to a statue of a cow .
a man in a green hat is taking a self portrait .
three adults wearing cold weather gear .
a boy wearing black walks down the street with his hands in fists .
two girls play on a skateboard in a courtyard .
a woman in a red coat and brown hat and a man in a black leather coat walk by a street food vendor .
brown-haired male relaxing in an oak tree .
large fluffy gray dog standing in grass in front of a brown dog .
man in a yellow usa shirt is sitting outside of a lobby entrance .
this farmer cuts into his harvested fruit with a machete to sell in the market .
four women at a bar having a laugh .
a group of men and women sitting on booths drinking out bottle and glasses .
a black dog bounds across the sand .
people are sitting at long dining tables in a tent at some formal event .
a young woman looks happy in winter clothes while it snows .
a man and a child walk along the beach as a ball floats in the water .
a orchestra band practices in a church .
a little boy with a green shirt is running on a rock ledge .
two young men selling goods in a market .
"two girls jumping on a trampoline , one upright and the other landing on her back , in a backyard ."
people stand outside watching motorcycles drive down a road .
an older man in a white shirt riding a motorcycle .
a person walks by some blue-green water while holding a rail .
a group of motorcyclists drive around a parking lot .
a man carving a pumpkin in his boxers .
a young girl standing behind a star of david .
"a person lies half under a car , face-down ."
black male in white puma tank top and red shorts standing in doorway of red building
two men are smiling at each other .
a little boy in a striped shirt is dropping rocks to make the water splash up at him .
an elderly woman crafts a design on a loom .
a little girl is playing in a puddle on a cold day .
a dog places his head on a man 's  face .
the little girl is sleeping while hugging her blue bag .
a girl sitting on top of a crocodile
the kid is wearing a blue jacket and standing in shallow beach water .
baby in playpen with wide eyes
the german shepherd dog is running through the snow .
man putting up a tile in the ground .
a white and brown dog rolls on its back in the sand .
a dog shakes off water
a man is playing a 5 stringed electrical bass guitar .
the lady and man pose for a picture .
construction workers add cinder blocks to the top of a structure .
two girls walking on the street in shorts and sweatshirts .
"a lot of people are gathered outdoors at night and eating food , with lots of bright lights ."
a toddler peeking into a front loader dryer .
a man in a black shirt sits next to an old woman in a pink shirt on a train .
man in red headband climbing a rock
man reading a book in a barber shop at night .
"two black guys , that are on rival teams playing basketball ."
a young man makes an astonished face as he turns to the cameraman just outside his kitchen .
two men are standing together while one looks through binoculars .
elderly people are sitting together at tables and talking .
a person poses in the snow .
a lone person standing on some rocks with large snowy mountains in the background .
a man raises his arms on rocky beach .
a male hiker wearing a green jacket is posing next to a large glacier .
someone staring down at a mess on the ground .
the little girl is standing on a stage dressed up as a pink fairy .
an old woman taking pictures at an outdoor photography display .
a grinning girl sits in a pink wheeled cart sliding down a green ramp .
father and son smiling in the bed .
five men stand in a line in front of a red curtain .
a female tennis player stands in a ready position .
a hiker is standing in before the mountain holding two walking sticks .
a brown dogs walks near a green van and some junk .
a black and gray cat stands on a contracption while two big dogs stare at it .
an elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen .
"two children , one in a red coat , one in a blue coat , are sitting by a lake ."
a boys soccer team coach talking to his team on a soccer field .
man in tan shirt and brown pants looks down the fairway at the golf ball he just hit .
an woman paints her toenails while sitting on the floor .
a small dog runs from the dirt onto the street
three males on the edge of the water with fishing gear .
a student jumps up to kick his heels together while outside of a school building in the winter snow .
two dogs drink water in a lake .
a man with glasses and a green shirt is holding onto the wall .
a woman in orange works beside a loom .
a small child jumps on a colorful toy in the street .
a skier catches air over the snow .
a white dog plays outside in a fenced yard while it snows .
"a person holding a  "" free hugs ""  sign , hugs another person ."
a baseball is recoiling from an action taken on a treated field watched by others .
a guy standing is watching another guy in midair .
a small child in a red coat points to a handbag in a shop window .
a small child is standing at the edge of the woods .
a black dog jumping off a riverbank near a wooded area .
guy drinking beverage outside of brightly lit basement .
five asian girls are lined up on a track preparing to run .
four men are pointing to a measuring stick while crouching .
two young school kids run to finish their race .
three asian men running and winning a race .
group of sitting asian children all dressed in white polos and navy blue pants .
a boy is surrounded by pigeons .
a group in uniform marches carrying red signs with chinese lettering on them .
a woman on a ski slope .
a child wearing a green tank top with the number four on it is participating in a race .
children pass a baton during a relay run .
the blue team passes off the baton in a relay race .
two people stand on a beach and look to the right .
a tattooed woman in a black dress holds a drink while sitting at a table in a dimly-lit room .
a man posing for his photo on a rocky beach .
toddler standing near a pole with an orange life jacket at his feet .
three boys are racing against each other .
two girls competing in a track event .
orange dog jumps over striped posts on course .
two people wearing black sit on a bench and look down .
a parade of people in pink marches on .
"outside asian festival with white words on red banners , a stage of judges behind a row of red flowers with lots of asian people standing by ."
several children at an asian fair appear to be engaged in a game .
children holding foreign banners standing in front of an older man and woman .
an older man sits on an ornate chair with a table in front of him .
two men in a group of 4 people are looking up at a large soap bubble .
a crowd is enjoying an outdoor festival .
"two elderly woman , both in long-sleeve jackets with white hair , holding hands near wall with graffiti ."
two girls and three boys are sitting on a bench laughing .
the white dog is wading in the pond atop the mountain .
a small boy looking at a red wall
asian women standing in front of a body of water and surrounded by trees with red leaves .
an asian boy is leaning against a pole .
a ballerina teacher is showing a young girl how to position herself .
a boy reads at a desk in front of closed blinds .
people walking down the street past a lounge &amp; grill .
two young kids are in a hut .
young people are using computers next to each other .
three men in a rustic cabin working with laptops .
a little boy is playing on a jungle-gym with a blue roof and a yellow tunnel .
man reaching for something in a plastic container outside .
a white dog plays with a brown dog on carpet .
a boy playing in water .
a elderly man in a tan jacket is crossing a city street .
a family walks down a nature pathway pushing a small child in a red stroller .
a young boy holds a baby crocodile up to the camera .
two women standing by a door behind another individual seated in a red chair .
people shopping in a market with lots of fruits .
a boy stands near water with a stone in his hand .
a young boy throwing a rock into a pond in front of a large building .
an old man plays guitar in front of a red bucket filled with money .
"a seated , older woman finishing a painting of a group of african women ."
a woman climbs up a steep rock face .
a black dog is running through a marsh-like area .
a man and some bicycles are in front of a large building .
"a man wearing a grass skirt , is standing in the grass among a group of pigs on their backs near the coast ."
a person climbing up a snowy mountain .
a woman wearing a veil is sitting in front of a blanket .
an older man sitting in front of a car .
a white dog with brown spots is jumping through the air .
a group of female dancers dancing on a stage .
a brown dog wearing a red vest is running in the grass .
a rodeo man is roping a calf during a competition .
the silhouette of three men are either standing or sitting in a boat at sea as the sun sets .
a man sits on a red sofa next to a cat .
three children in bathing suits are playing in foam
a man repairing a sidewalk on a steep hill .
a man throwing or retrieving a line thrown into the water at the dock of a large boat .
a muddy jeep driving through the forest .
"a man walks toward a garage , on a poorly lit road ."
a mother and daughter standing in front of a graffiti covered wall .
"a fluffy white dog looks down a steep , grassy embankment ."
a large boat drives through the harbor .
two babies are asleep in messy highchairs in front of cd shelves .
a falcon is perched on a girl 's  left arm as a man assists her and talks into a microphone .
two soccer teams converge at the goal and the goalie reaches for the ball .
the child in the red jacket and orange mittens is sitting in the snow next to a shovel .
a group of people sit down at a table for a meal .
a woman sitting on the side of the rode selling bananas .
2 men are sitting down and drawing on either side of an easel in a room with a christmas tree .
there are people feeding sheep and a dog is herding them .
five women in identical swimsuits hold on to a rope near the ocean .
a brown dog is sitting in the front of a canoe .
a brown and black dog leaps through the freshly mown grass .
an old man wearing glasses is praying with his beads while sitting down .
people hanging out on the beach in bathing suits and relaxing clothing .
a multi generation family having a meal at a restaurant .
"there are several women , some wearing t-shirts with hsbc on them , at a food buffet ."
young girl hugging her red teddy bear .
multiple children in bright colors are playing a game of musical chairs .
a nice neighborhood street in the beautiful green foothills .
white fluffy dog hangs out of the window of a turquoise building .
the dog is running in the grass next to the water .
a blond dog with floppy ears runs toward the camera .
a man holding a plastic bag is standing in a doorway .
four people stand around near a blue fork lift .
a girls brown hair is thrashed by the wind .
a man with a striped shirt is on stage next to another person with a guitar .
a soccer player dressed in blue holding a soccer ball preparing to throw it .
a man wearing glasses plays a large brass instrument
a little girl peers out from a woven basket .
pigeon staring at a woman in black boots sitting on a park bench reading a paper .
a little girl is sweeping a patio with a broom that is bigger than she is .
the man standing on the beam is wearing a white hard hat .
"city performer , male , all dressed in black with cowboy hat playing guitar ."
construction worker on a beam helping guide the crane to place another beam in the right position .
man in blue sweater measuring curved board .
a man walking in the side street with his head down .
man on a beach with a baby
a smiling man with short brown hair in a black shirt with an open orange shoe box .
a lady is taking care of her child .
two men acting out a scene in front of a small group of friends .
a woman wears an egytian-like headdress .
two young girls and an old man with gray hair and beard are opening christmas presents .
older woman in red sweeter is opening a gift .
a brown dog is laying on its back on a white carpet with a green ball on it .
one person is looking at a painting while another person is holding her hand up .
a hummer is driving through a mud puddle several feet deep .
a woman in a black shirt is cuddling a cat .
the lady is white is selling things on the street .
a dog and a cow are standing on a hillside .
two young boys swimming in a pool of green water .
two males are staring at a floating object .
a woman sites with her feet on the seats in a subway car .
men playing with a red ring out in the field .
a boy running on a beach looking out at a city .
a man in black shorts is sliding on a tarp .
a young boy in a swimsuit and sandals is standing in a doorway .
two kids are out in a small boat in the ocean with a larger boat in the background .
people are walking along the sidewalks of a brightly lit city .
a group of people are playing instruments .
an asian woman in a black and white printed shirt sits by the side of a building .
a group of men dressed in santa attired play music on a street corner .
a girl wearing a halter top eats cake at a table .
construction worker leaning against under a crosswalk light .
a person is a red hat and winter jacket is looking into the distance .
a man of african descent stands atop a beam .
a crowd of suburban youth wait for a performance to begin .
"a person is standing on a ladder , hanging wallpaper ."
a few people park their boat at a dock .
man sitting in a restaurant at a table .
a woman in an orange jersey is holding a football and being pursued by a woman in a blue t-shirt on a field .
a man with a backpack on filming something .
a black and white dog in a plaid coat is carrying a very long stick .
a smiling man standing on two scooters .
a white dog is airborne whilst catching a green toy .
a person with a skateboard is sitting on a bench .
the man in blue is punching the man with the red gloves while he blocks his face .
a man in a white shirt eating vegetables .
a woman holding a purse is walking in front of two doors .
a small child sleeding down a snowy hill wearing a blue helmet
a man plays an acoustic guitar for an audience inside a large yellow and white tent .
four walmart shoppers in a deep discussion in the grocery section .
two people wearing backpacks and a woman in red shorts are standing on some large rock formations .
hikers walking up red clay path .
a band performing in front of a group of fans .
a band playing in a pretty small venue .
a little boy is eating something and got it all over his mouth .
band performing at a show .
two men are singing in front of a small group of men wearing caps .
a monk shows visitors one of his possessions .
a male in his underwear is posing for a picture with two women in time 's  square .
some men are standing by the side of the highway .
a person with a red hat stands in a pile of snow on the side of a road while traffic goes by .
a hiker in a red cap walking along a mountain path .
a man in a blue jacket stands on a dirt path in a forest full of trees and ferns .
a dog sitting in ice and snow .
a warmly dressed boy pretending an icicle is a gun .
a young man has fallen asleep outside while resting his head on his backpack .
a young child with snow on his face gets out of a blue sled .
older man with glasses talking on the phone .
"two men , one dressed in red , white , and blue coat and the other dressed in a dark coat , walk down a cobblestone street ."
two men in black jackets walk down the street .
child in orange jacket and a helmet playing in the snow .
a boy dives into a pool near a water slide .
a group of people standing on the steps of an old house .
an eccentrically dressed man and his dog are sitting on a bench with a guitar and harmonica .
a man playing a trumpet along side a woman playing a saxophone stand outside in pink hats .
this woman is laying on concrete .
a man with a red sweater with a paper badge looking down at something .
four people are on a dock and two of them are sitting on railings .
a boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch .
a large group of people with pamphlets sitting in a auditorium .
a man with a guitar and a cowboy hat performs in front of a microphone .
two country musicians jamming it up .
a man at a car lot is holding a pop and waiting for customers .
two men work on a bicycle in a garage .
a woman and a child are outside of a mcdonald 's  and there 's  a man seated inside with a drink .
a man watches a young child coloring with her crayola crayons .
a little girl in a red shirt playing on a jungle gym .
the baby is holding a santa figurine .
"five children , two boys and three girls , with the girls wearing white scarves , sit on the pavement outside in front of a large window ."
christmas time in a city square full of people .
a woman in a green vest leans back with her eyes closed and mouth open .
a small child cries as the man in the white shirt holds him .
an adult is holding up a child who is trying to ice skate .
a man is sitting on a white lawn chair in front of a blue building .
"two dogs , one brown , the other black and white , are playing on a sidewalk ."
a boy looks at a new toy during christmas
four men walking down the street in all black robes .
a child with a yellow balloon walks through a fair .
a man is opening a present and posing with it for a picture .
man opens gift of beer bottle pillow .
a bull rider is trying to stay on a bull at a rodeo .
the boy is jumping into a lake .
a young woman in a cupcake shirt unwraps a gift .
a girl walks next to a pool .
a young woman in a hat poses with a rooster .
two young girls enjoying their day at the park with bubbles .
there is a person sitting on a plastic blow-up float in the high piled snow .
a person in a blue jacket stands along side crates and kegs on a busy asian street .
"an old lady wearing apron in her kitchen , smiling while spooning soup to another pan ."
a girl in a blue bathing suit walks across the beach .
a woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying .
a little boy is throwing snow around outside .
a man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him .
family gazes as newborn sleeps on the lap of the mother .
it 's  christmas and its also snowing and there is a person jumping on top of a pole .
a woman and a girl ride a sled down a hill standing up .
"a black dog carries an orange ball , walking on the ground covered in leaves ."
a young boy and girl playing pokemon .
older person standing in the water holding on to a wooden stake .
an older man and woman are playing monopoly with children .
two older children hold the hands of a younger child in goggles while jumping into a pool .
a woman and a child are standing next to a chalkboard on an easel .
a man plays an acoustic guitar on a subway platform .
a young boy is writing on a chalkboard .
a little girl is carefully coloring in the pictures of a coloring book .
a little girl has a pen sticking out of her nose .
a woman in a bridal dress is being walked in with a man in a skirt .
two elderly women setting up dinner .
woman in blue dress dancing in front of a crowd .
a male toddler colors a picture with a green crayon and a dimly-lit restaurant .
the baby is wearing a bib and sitting in an adult'
three casually dressed men in a yard smiling .
a golden dog is jumping in an attempt to catch a ball .
dog jumping looking up and small white ball in air passed by
a man with glasses replaces a watch battery while another man watches him .
a young woman and some friends at a party .
"a man sitting at a dining table , wearing a striped shirt , is eating a salad and having a glass of red wine ."
woman in yellow costume smiling .
a woman is reading a piece of paper aloud as a man stands behind her .
two men posing for a picture while drinking beer .
man with glasses holding boy upside down outside in a stone-filled yard .
people at work in the lounge .
a bunch of guys watching something on a computer screen .
a group of firefighters are gathered in the street .
a woman with luggage walks along a street in front of a large advertisement .
a man holds a dog and a beer while sitting in a floral armchair .
a woman in pajamas and a man smiling in a hallway .
some women are putting candles on a cake made of marshmallow peeps .
two kids are looking through a window with an adult in the back .
a woman at a restaurant eating a dish of food .
a police officer is talking with the driver of the pale yellow car while three other officers stand nearby .
a young boy in a dental examination .
college kids crowded around an apartment table eating with paper plates and cups .
one person is feeding a pink peep to another person .
two white dogs are walking through deep white snow .
a black-haired man standing next to a podium made of wood and plastic .
a group of people enjoys their company with liquor .
a dog leaps off a dock and into the water .
"as a spectator watches , a man is jumping over a body of water that is in a field of dead grass , with dead trees in the background ."
a man wearing a hat is driving a car .
a woman wearing a white-hooded sweatshirt checks the blood pressure of a man in a yellow shirt .
a group of six friends are relaxing in the dining area .
a young boy wearing a t-shirt and jeans is walking in a grassy field .
a boy in a blue shirt sheep wrestling with a rodeo clown in the background .
workers dressed in jackets and white helmets entering a work location .
white fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence .
the professor reading the names of students who have passed the exam .
a young dancer holds a pose in an open field .
a woman in a white dress is dancing on the beach .
a surfer riding a wave in the ocean .
"a diagram of a hand is displayed on a wall , behind which a woman studies ."
a woman is looking out the window up at the sky .
"a group of people sits around a table , raising their glasses ."
two people are in a canoe on a river in misty conditions .
an older woman with latex gloves and man holding a plastic bag in a fish market in a foreign country .
a crosscountry skier with a backpack skies across a snow covered hillside .
the girl in pink with the unusual hair and makeup stands our on the crowded escalator .
two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside .
four people are sitting around a kitchen counter while one is drinking from a glass .
women standing in front of a atm machine at a casino .
a woman in a white shirt sits in front of a slot machine .
soccer players are shaking each others hands on the soccer field .
a referee is talking with a couple of soccer players in red jerseys .
"many men play soccer , while a crowd watches ."
a young boy standing in a dilapidated school room with the chalkboard and a broken desk in the background .
man in working clothes operates a rotating drum .
a woman in maroon is running by other people dressed in running clothes
two men are watching others on a beach shore .
"two soccer teams getting ready for penalties after a goaless draw in a match in london , england ."
two soccer players walk on the soccer field .
a girl wearing a pink coat and red hat walks down a gravel path .
"standing next to a fence , people gather to look out towards the water below ."
a black dog is trying to run with its legs buried in the snow .
a person in a black jacket is snowboarding during the evening .
an old man hauling his wares in the back of a tricycle
two women wearing traditional african garb passing in front of a run-down building .
three dogs are running across snow with a tire track in it .
the children take turns riding the minerature pony with an adult supervising .
a little girl wearing a white shirt puts her hand into the water of a fountain .
blond-haired male looking straight at the camera while coworker makes food .
a man is sitting in a boat on the shore with the lake in the background .
brick layers constructing a wall .
a man in a black hat and black coat is standing next to a woman wearing a blue scarf .
2 little girls made paper plate snowmen .
a man and a woman are sitting on a yellow couch laughing under a yellow comforter with white daisies .
three children are playing in a water fountain .
a woman dressed in white using a rope to pull a black carved wooden bear on a cart .
a beautiful photograph of a church at sunset with birds flying overhead and orange-red sky
a boy and a girl bouncing on a ball
"a skier out enjoying the slopes on a crisp , cool day ."
a bike sits atop a rise with mountains in the background .
a little boy using a blue toilet .
"two children , one in red , one in black , slide down a snow covered hill as they laugh ."
two workers in yellow vests try to fix something .
"an asian man wearing thick white gloves , talking on a cellphone , and working on something ."
two men are riding scooters through a room .
"there are two people , a man and a woman , sitting on a bus ."
children jump and play in a bouncy house .
person holding a frisbee with a white dog jumping for it on a road .
people engaged trying out new technology .
a man squats near a fire and holds something into it .
a woman stands behind an outdoor grill with a blue basket of food in her hands .
two white dogs are running on the grass .
blue race car riding on dirt path with onlookers .
a man riding a bicycle down the street is pulling a large bundle in a cart behind him .
a man and woman are talking to each other .
a grocery store clerk is checking out groceries being bought be a woman with an injured hand .
a man in a red hoodie laying down in the grass .
a person in a snow jacket is shoveling snow .
various people in swimsuits and shorts climb large rocks near the water .
a little boy with a firefighter hat on using a saw to cut the stem of a flower .
local villagers are preparing for a fishing trip on this gorgeous fishing boat .
"four shirtless men , hard at work , on a scaffold ."
child wearing fireman 's  hat sits on ground next to man holding a handsaw .
there is a man with glasses and a hat wearing a black suit jacket indoors .
lady walking past a man on a bench who is watching her .
two men in hard hats inside a structure look at a yellow tractor .
"a smiling worker , in a cowboy hat , doing masonry ."
a woman in a yellow bikini top and sunglasses in a crowd of people on a boardwalk .
woman dressed in red standing in front of air force men standing in the background .
a man stands in front of a fallen down building .
people are dressed in costumes while on a boardwalk .
a boy is leaning on a chair whilst another boy pulls him around with a rope .
little girl in a blue dress riding a red toy tractor .
the brown dog is running through the snow
local villagers going home after a day of harvesting crops .
a kid is looking through blinds at a truck outside .
a boy does a cannonball into a pool while a girl watches .
a tan animal is being swatted in the face by a brown and white bull .
a small child looks through coin-operated binoculars next to a body of water .
this is a child in a snowy landscape sledding down a hill .
two dogs playing keep-away with red toy on blue string .
"a red-cheeked , white-bearded man smiles as he stands at an arrangement of colorful arrangement of baskets and decorations ."
three children are playing at a sprinkler park .
a boy wearing a red shirt dumps water out of a yellow bucket onto a girl 's  head .
two women in black jackets reading a magazine and smiling .
a group of friends are getting ready to go skiing .
people are skiing down a snow covered mountain .
"a boy snow tubing on a green , blue , and yellow colored tube ."
five individuals holding instruments and practicing music together next to a building .
here is a picture of a man pole dancing in front of his friends at a house party .
a brown dog and two white dogs are bounding after a ball .
three people take a lift up the mountain in the ski resort of adirondack express .
a little girl in blue panes dances on the grass .
a young man wearing a hood standing in a swampy area holding a camera .
two adolescence are making their way through woods .
"an extreme biker , wearing a red and white jacket , is flying through the air on a red bike ."
"a bald , older man playing with a dog ."
a young blond boy is eating a banana while an elderly woman in the background watches .
two young girls are going swimming near mountains capped with snow .
two ladies wearing medical mask working in a food factory .
person doing a dance on the ocean .
two blond women are posing in front of the camera with a large green toy .
a man and a woman laugh together .
an infant napping in it 's  crib in pajamas .
a child in a martial arts uniform is jumping in the air with his arms and legs spread .
little boy in his bathing suit tentatively preparing to step in the rocky-lined stream .
people gather in an gymnasium for an assembly .
a brown dog is running down a slope while a man follows beside him .
a group of people at a table with glasses of beer smiling .
a small black dog growling at a large brown and white cow .
a small girl with a necklace is swimming .
the greyhound dogs are racing along a dirt path with buildings nearby .
three men stand outside a restaurant smoking and conversing .
a man flips barbecue chicken legs while another chef watches .
a s.c.u.b.a. diver swims in deep blue water .
a man is rowing on his boat through very still water .
a little boy in a red shirt holding a superman produce and staring at an older man .
three people walking through a ravine between two rocky cliffs .
the older woman is talking to the child .
a group of people is sharing a meal at a large table at a restaurant .
a brown dog is about to jump .
a worker actively engaged in welding two pieces of railing together .
"two men giving a medical seminar , to a small crowd ."
a dog swims in the aqua water .
a little girl reads a book in a bed .
two blond-hair girl eating and one is using chopsticks .
school children chase some pigeons .
"a child is sitting in a large round white seat , reading , near a pink bin full of books ."
the girl eating spaghetti is wearing a red jacket .
the brown dog with a red bandanna is sitting with its paws up on the computer .
a person crouches at the end of a dock on a lake .
a dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike .
a man trying to jump into a floaty in beautiful water .
"a few people , mostly girls , sit around a table at a very fancy event as they get their pictures taken ."
"a girl dressed in a pink shirt , jeans , and flip-flops sitting down playing with a lollipop machine ."
"three men wearing yellow are standing among roadside construction , one of the men is in a hole ."
a group of gay men at a event .
a girl is riding a bike on the street while wearing a red helmet .
newlywed couple sharing a kiss .
two men wearing yellow and orange vests working by a highway exit sign .
"dog climbing on stuffed animals indoors , background tv shows breaking news ."
white man with american flag cape and glasses stands in a group of people
a man in a sweatshirt eating a sandwich .
a man standing in a suit wearing glasses while holding a piece of paper inside a tent .
highway workers checking on roadwork .
a young woman in a white dior t-shirt lifting a silverware drawer in a kitchen .
a woman is balancing several items on her head that are in bags .
a group of children wearing false noses pose for a camera shot .
a young girl wearing green is playing outside .
a group of children sit together and work on arts and crafts .
man in yellow shirt and jeans laying on the pavement .
a crowd enjoying a musical band outdoors on a beautiful day .
several people waiting to play musical instruments
"a young girl dressed in a purple leotard , practicing on a gymnastics balance beam ."
a little baby cries in his moms arms .
a view from under a table of a young boy laying in an older person 's  lap .
a woman is feeding two babies .
a white and brown dog is catching a red ball in its mouth .
a man is standing a watching people on the street .
a group of young girls are running in a field .
a small boy in an orange hat running .
a dog runs on wet sand as a man in yellow pants walks further back .
the boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall .
a person in sarong walks toward several blue outdoor umbrellas while carrying a tan bag .
a dog runs through the woods near a cottage .
a black dog with white paws is jumping on hay bales .
a man appears to be sleeping in a warehouse of chickens .
a boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race .
view of a passenger train through some leafless tree limbs .
a boy and a girl with a stuffed pink bear walk along the sidewalk .
people skiing down a slope .
"young boy wearing a hood , smiling and hiding behind a tree ."
one is running after a frisbee with another individual riding piggyback .
soccer players warming up on the field before a game .
two children playing in a river near a wooden bridge .
a man and woman holding hands are jumping into the water .
the man is playing with the shaggy little dog .
a man is looking on as another man attempts to climb a small boulder with his dirt bike .
an older couple are standing by a fairway shopping cart .
a person covered partially with a pink blanket sleeps as a gray and white cat sleeps on the floor nearby .
dogs racing at the racetrack .
little boy in blue shirt and gray shorts running at a park .
two sisters on a country road chasing sheep .
two ladies on a sidewalk in a town and one is checking her camera .
a group of young people are playing in falling snow .
a young man wearing a pink and white striped shirt is sitting next to a young man wearing a brown shirt .
two men are sitting on a couch .
a man with black hair and wearing a green shirt is scratching his head .
a man is playing the keyboard and singing into a microphone while a young boy watches .
a person swinging on a swing
a man with long hair riding a bicycle gives the peace sign .
a young man with dreadlocks jumps high in the air near a wall .
a boy wears a wetsuit at the beach .
a group of men are standing in lines with their guns on their side .
woman and man looking at something funny on a laptop screen .
a group of mostly nude children playing on a bridge over some water .
a man sitting on a boat being watched by police officers .
a man sits and drinks a drink with other people in the background .
a group of people are crossing a river
a woman wading through a pool in front of a waterfall .
three boys play football in the grass .
a old lady with a cane is crossing the street in the rain .
two people are enjoying a scenic view from a park bench .
a group of people are jumping into the air with their arms held high .
a messy haired girl in a club .
a redheaded child sits looking through a railing at the water while people play on the beach in a distance .
two people working together serving food at a restaurant .
a young boy and girl play together in the sand .
a female tennis player on a blue court prepares to hit the ball .
a tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent .
"a woman crosscountry skiing , with a brown dog ."
two kids are photographed playing soccer in a field .
cabins in winter surrounded by people enjoying the white powder .
the girl in the brown shirt is hanging onto a blue pole .
"two girls on a tandem bicycle , looking at wall art ."
a woman wearing a white sun visor is playing tennis .
a man examines a bike during a yard sale .
a man in a suit and an officer smile for the camera .
a young man with a green shirt plays a blue guitar .
two dogs play out in the snow covered grass .
two older men in front of a bus .
a man in red shirt wearing sunglasses is leaning on the wall
a boy is aiming a bow and arrow at a target .
a man wearing a black hat walks along a road next to a building .
the baby is holding someone 's  arm .
a man and a woman are sitting at a table with jars of beer and cigarettes .
"two men , one playing a bagpipe and one adjusting the bagpipe ."
the large brown dog is walking through water in the ocean .
woman in a blue raincoat walking in front of a cement wall .
the little girl is riding her red scooter .
tennis player trying to reach the ball .
a female tennis player is standing with her feet apart on a court .
a woman is holding a baby by a window .
a man climbs a steep rock wall using safety ropes .
a man reaches high to help him during his rock climb .
a brown dog is running through an obstacle course .
a young girl is sliding down a snowbank .
a man jumps off a ramp on a snowboard .
a shirtless man with sunglasses looks at the camera during a beach party .
a group of women and children stand together beside a vehicle and a river .
a brown dog with green collar holding a stick in its mouth .
a girl in a blue jacket stands in front of a drab crowd while they watch something .
a dog runs across the grassy field .
a person walks with an artistic contraption in front of the ocean blue company .
a dj standing under some bright lights with an advertisement .
a lady wearing green and white shorts and top is on the beach clapping her hands .
a dog is playing with a football in the snow .
a child in a usa jacket shovels snow off the stairs in front of a house .
a child wearing red striped pajamas is smiling .
a woman helps a boy to do the monkey bars .
a man is playing a guitar .
a man in a beard and glasses sings along as he plays his ukulele .
eight people sitting down at a table indoors for refreshments .
three girls sing and one girl plays the guitar on a stage in front of a small crowd .
"young blond woman with red beads , gray sweatshirt marked gontaga ."
a person in safety orange clothing is lying atop an open manhole .
photographers are taking pictures in a building .
a man with a beard and a blue shirt plays a guitar .
boy wearing a green and white soccer uniform running through the grass .
a man that is not wearing a shirt is brushing his teeth .
a group of people sit outside during a barbecue .
a young blond women and a man waiting to cross the street .
a child plays with books on the floor .
a shirtless man shaves outside a garage while someone to the side holds up a mirror for him to see from .
a group of people are organizing their chinese lanterns .
the surfer is wearing a black bodysuit while picking up her board .
two people stand near a red wheelbarrow .
several people stand outside near metallic objects including a few posts .
a woman looking at the daytime sky through a telescope that 's  on a tripod .
a young boy in a bathing suit launches into the air over water while an older man looks on .
a gentlemen dressed nicely looking at something on his desk .
young girl eating a bowl of cereal out of a big white bowl .
a man barbecues chicken on a grill .
a black dog is attempting to catch a thrown object that is red .
an elderly woman sweeping outside on a sunny day
"a girl in a frilly pink dress , dancing on grass ."
"a little girl in a floury , pink jacket , picks out a fruit from a vendors table ."
a man wearing an apron stands before some food and holds a blue container .
young boy wearing a yellow shirt jumps onto the brown couch .
a child wearing goggles and wrapped in a towel is crying in front of a pool .
a woman with a white glove and several others .
a man in a cap and blue shirt pretends to choke a girl .
a blond girl wearing groucho marx glasses .
an adult is assisting a child in the act of ice-skating .
kids in a locker room at school getting ready for a play .
a woman with light brown hair sits across a man with short medium brown hair .
a small child jumps high above a sandy field .
a person wearing a wetsuit is surfing on a white surfboard .
person riding bicycle down dirt hill in wooded area
a little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
a man smiling and tying and apron .
a man is pushing a cart with wooden barrels across an empty street .
a man on a boat that is standing and paddling on a river .
a woman spikes a volleyball as the opposing player tries to block the ball .
an old man playing the violin is being watched by a child .
bridesmaids in gold dresses and others watch as a man in a suit hula hoops .
this is our break fast time and we are posing for the photo .
a man and woman sit at a table inside a fast food restaurant .
an older woman in a white shirt holds a red bag behind some glass .
the white dog ran across the tile floor .
the helmeted boy is doing a stunt on a skateboard .
two men are in a small boat and spraying water at something .
two men in shorts and flip-flops walking in front of the farmer 's  market .
a boy wearing winter clothing in an igloo
a girl is climbing a rock while someone is filming her .
"the blue team , mustangs , are on a fast break , and are likely hoping to capitalize with some points ."
a black dog is running across a field .
a policeman on a white horse are patrolling the streets of the city .
two women wearing scarves are waiting to cross the street .
a woman wearing black addresses a group of people in a tiled room .
"a woman and a young girl are sitting together at a table , playing monopoly ."
a lady with long hair and a hat walks down a sloping sidewalk paved with stone .
the child wearing the green shirt is on the beach talking with some people .
a group of people are walking towards the water on a beach .
children are listening to a man in a blue shirt .
a group of people looking at a field of greenery .
a little boy trying to brush a woman 's  hair .
large group of individuals sits around as a man in a light colored polo speaks in front of a large wooden building .
musicians gather in a classroom to play guitar and other instruments .
"a boy wearing shorts , t-shirt , flip-flops and a backward hat is sitting in a folding chair , fishing off a wooden pier ."
a little girl in a pink cardigan is jumping from the couch .
a gathering of people around two long tables set with different colored bowls and plates .
a female is working in a laboratory with science equipment .
"dancers , in front of the costa rican flag , are finishing their performance ."
a young girl with her hair standing up .
a group of young middle eastern kids posing for the picture
"man in glasses wearing flannel is in class , writing ."
a man wearing a seat belt and sunglasses rests his head at an angle inside a vehicle .
young man in white long-sleeved shirt standing in front of mountains on a cloudy day .
a woman holding and posing an infant dressed in a hawaiin shirt on a skateboard .
a woman talking to people sitting around her .
a man with glasses in a black shirt playing the drums .
a man playing a orange colored guitar .
a man in a white shirt hugs a girl with blond-hair on the subway .
the saxophone player is performing on the street corner .
a group of people are outside walking through a village street .
person looking out over the ocean in awe .
a woman in a red jacket and orange glasses is jogging .
waiting for her scores after her tumbling routine is completed .
arms of fans lifted to band members as they play guitars and sing in low light .
four men in orange vests work on a road at night .
a woman and child ride a teeter-taughter in a park .
construction workers at a construction site .
an older gentleman stands along the shore of an immense lake with a cityscape across the water .
a woman with an umbrella following a car on a billboard .
little boy in yellow shirt is climbing out of a plastic playground tunnel .
a man is loading vons shopping carts onto a truck .
a kid walks on a snowy hill with their arms out .
a large dog stands in the water .
a lady in a black coat and a gray scarf is carrying shopping bags .
a mother is reaching down for her child on a sidewalk .
"two chicago police officers are talking , while viewing a work site from above ."
a man is playing his guitar at joe 's  cafe .
women are shopping at an outdoor market with oranges on display .
"a little girl sits in a highchair , looking unhappy ."
a man walking toward a bicycle chained to a post in front of a large window in the early evening .
woman sweeps the area in front of a store .
a man operates a piece of machinery as another worker in an orange vest watches .
a man with a beard and long hair plays the guitar .
a young boy walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap .
people sit at the outdoor tables under a brown awning in a rural setting .
a woman wearing a pink crash helmet has a tattoo of a native american on her shoulder .
construction workers work on an old building .
four dogs play with each other and with sticks .
an asian woman is posing on the pier near a boat on the water .
a man in a blue shirt is watching three trucks that are being swept away by flood waters .
a man riding a bike in front of a building .
a black and brown dog jumping in midair near a field .
a man is standing in the tourist-info store .
some people in desert garb are standing on and next to rugs and cloth .
black dog in the yard at night .
a man wearing a dark blue hat sits on the ground and leans against a building .
a black cat hugging a white and gray dog .
a man is playing the guitar while another man plays the drums in front of a crowd of people .
child wearing a red shirt sits on a rock in the water .
a group of people in silhouette play on a beach as the surf rolls in .
a young girl plays in her pink toy kitchen .
"a well dressed , dark-haired , dark-skinned young man wearing earbuds sits and rests against a tree ."
a black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue .
two big dogs wade in the ocean
man on a pier looks at two dogs standing in shallow water .
two women in white headscarves read a text message in front of a busy store .
two young men wearing matching clothing smiling .
a brown and white dog running in a field of grass .
a man is touching a large metal structure .
young men wave flags in a crowd outside of a glassy building .
a male is holding several tehelka newspapers about a murder .
african american man with shopping bag standing in a blue phone booth .
man with a painted white face blowing a whistle .
man wearing a red shirt is waiting in line at a restaurant .
a black and brown dog running in a field
a man in a black jacket is holding a little girl 's  hand while walking down the city street
a woman with a blue shirt is reading to her son .
a handicapped person with one leg skiing down a mountain with other mountains in the background .
man with rickshaw bike full of ripe bananas .
"a man is standing on a street in the rain , he is holding an umbrella ."
people working in a kitchen preparing food .
two young children skate across the ice holding hockey sticks .
two surfers walk along a rock wall to reach the waves .
a man in a tropical enviorment holding a camera to his face .
"a group of people sitting around on a couch , one holding a cat ."
three men are standing outside and one is holding a shovel full of dirt .
three construction workers working on something .
two people hang from safety ropes over a giant cliff .
two women and a man smile for the camera .
a man lays on a wood ramp while another holds a fishing pole .
two kids playing with each other outside .
a group of people wearing jackets are gathered on the sidewalk .
a group of men are planting a tree .
a group and men and women are planting a leafless tree .
two men move dirt around a young tree .
"two young women standing outside a blue door , one smoking a cigarette ."
hockey players waiting to start playing the game .
a fireman on a ladder fixing a telephone pole with flames in the background .
old hands are working on a task .
a man and woman dressed in punk rock style clothing are seen crossing the street during the daytime .
a woman in a gas mask is using a sewing machine .
a brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps .
commuters on a train going to work
a woman in a purple dress plays with her hair while waiting in a lobby .
baby in the water being held up by an adult 's  arms .
a crowd of people standing next to a seafood stand .
a child is wearing jeans and a white sweater .
a little girl in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox .
a man examining something under a magnifying lens .
a child poses in the snow holding a partially formed piece of snow .
a young girl in a flowery dress surrounded by watermelons
group of children and adults ride bicycles on a dirt road in the woods .
a woman wearing all blue hits a ball very hard while playing tennis .
"toddler boy wearing airplane shirt , in stroller with large beads ."
a man working on a steam engine with a water tower in the background .
a couple sits to watch the sunset from a bridge .
a man dressed in black is standing above a white dog .
a young boy in a blue shirt releases his bowling ball down the lane in a bowling alley .
a young boy in pajamas sleeps on a couch .
two bald men on a park bench wearing small yellow traffic cones .
a man is walking his horse on a racetrack .
a light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end .
a dog jumps through a black hulahoop .
a bearded caucasian male is standing in a black suit with a purple tie .
"a bald man is cooking on a stove , throwing a stabbed fish in a pan ."
a large brown dog standing on his hind legs next to a woman .
a man riding a bus passes a man on the sidewalk .
a man in an orange vest and a cap stands outside a ladies' bathroom .
two boys in running clothes stretching .
a man in a chef uniform cooking in a restaurants kitchen .
three men talking to each other and drinking .
a young jewish boy sits in a chair at a party .
a person crouches under a yellow umbrella on the beach .
young girls are running along in a park .
a group of women is standing around outside talking .
an older man wearing a brown jacket and a hat stands outside and reaches into his pocket .
two young women are reading from a paper into a microphone .
many people talking and eating at an event during the day .
a woman in a red apron cooking in the kitchen .
a man and a woman show support for the campaign of mike huckabee as they hold up a sign .
a early-bald man puts on a carved wooden mask .
a baby is playing with a long bead necklace on the floor .
a mother and son are sitting together on a bed .
"a man carries a picket sign that resembles a restaurant menu , while a woman in a pink , printed sweatshirt gives an exaggerated pout ."
a woman in a black shirt and red apron is preparing food .
two woman wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer .
two people dressed up having a conversation in front of a table .
an elderly woman and another younger woman greeting each other .
men and women outside holding hands to form circles .
a brown dog is sitting near a large rock .
two people enjoy the ocean while under an umbrella .
a man in white wearing a yarmulke is in front of a microphone with several other men in the background .
several people selecting food and desert items from an outdoor buffet .
"two women , one in white-rimmed sunglasses and a green skirt , the other in a longer navy skirt , converse with each other ."
a female is standing with two males talking to them .
man about to hit a tennis ball with 3 seconds left .
a man in glasses relaxing with his feet up .
a man and woman are at the ruins reading a guidebook .
"a baby with two fingers up its nose , covered in chocolate pudding"
a man wearing a black and white jump suite is jogging down a road .
two men working on laptops in front of an ornate fireplace .
"a man wearing a tracksuit is standing against a pole while other people sit , listening to something through earphones ."
many dogs race around the track .
a small nude black child is standing on the beach with his feet barely in the water .
a woman is talking on her cellphone outside .
a woman in a public place wearing a yellow tank top holding a bottle of water looking over her shoulder
a beautiful sunset with three people in a boat on the lake .
the man is climbing up a steep snowy mountain .
a group of band members are performing on the streets of another country .
the dogs are playing with a tennis ball in the yard .
"tired from reading his book , a young man in a striped shirt takes a nap in the library ."
a small dog on a chain leash stands in a shadowed hallway alone .
four people are in some type of cement building with the number 93 painted on the wall .
lille boy standing behind a glass door wearing a red hat and black jacket with a woman standing just out of his sight on the sidewalk .
bike riders pass an ornate building with a clock .
a man with glasses and a red backpack standing in front of a brick wall
"riding a red motorcycle , with appropriate equipment ."
two men gather in the lobby of a building .
two people are walking in a desert .
a man sprays a cement truck with a hose at a curbside as a man walks by .
a man shovels snow in front of a house .
"an older man wearing a winter coat and jeans stands in front of a large , wheeled flower cart ."
the young basketball player moves into the front court .
scantily clad woman in black waits in a restaurant with other patrons .
the lady in pink is walking past someone holding flowers .
a few men are sitting on chairs and standing under a large red umbrella .
a woman is selling vegetables on the street .
a guy wearing a parka is walking on an empty sidewalk .
a girls soccer team goes into a huddle .
"two men are sawing a board of wood trying to complete their project , while one of those two men smokes a cigarette ."
a man carries a tray of glasses .
a bald man running on a treadmill in a white shirt and striped shorts .
group of men grinding stone in poor conditions .
two men in a garage are fixing the engine of a car .
a surfer by a bridge in foggy conditions
a young girl is sliding down a snow slope in a red sled .
a local artist expresses herself on a wall at the side of a street .
one woman painting the other one 's  face for a carnival .
a woman pulls an inflatable boat into the water .
a woman holding a water bottle is running on the beach .
"many people of indian descent wearing bright , colorful clothing &amp; walking up steep flights of stairs ."
a big black dog carries a blue ball while two corgis run at his side .
a little boy is watching a palace guard stand outside a little black hut .
two dogs are playing in the white snow .
two middle-aged men play guitar on a stage .
an old woman walking along a sidewalk with buildings that are littered with graffiti .
some kids wearing white and red are playing soccer .
a man in an apron stands in a kitchen working an industrial mixing bowl .
a group of people are outside a brick building .
a view of a european cityscape full of many passersby .
a boy with a red backpack walking along a trail .
a woman with a panda hat and headphones is in front of a man outside in the snow .
guy jumping in front of some interesting wall art .
a toddler shovels a snowy driveway with a bright orange shovel .
a young man with a happy expression is tossing bits of colored paper into the air .
a man in a plaid shirt is throwing a hatchet at a wall in his garage .
"man , son , and vendor smile while holding souvenir magazines ."
a beautiful view of the mountains on a snowy day .
a german shepherd is playing with a red ball .
"one boy and a girl dressed in snowsuits , jumped in air with hands raised in lots of snow ."
a man beige shirt having a drink .
a young in a white dress standing in front of a fence and fountain .
a man is holding a dish of squid .
a butcher cutting fish to be sold at the market
dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
a group of young adults gathers around on the floor to play a complex board game .
two dogs fight over a stick in a flooded field .
a mom and son enjoying a day in the park .
people walk along on the street .
a sky-view at a diner overlooking the people in the booths .
a boy is feeding birds in a park .
two men and two women standing at the window of a ticket booth .
"a beautiful day to lay by the ocean , waiting for the waves ."
four bicyclists ride along a dirt road between two wire fences .
young girl practicing her pan flipping skills .
a man sits ourdoors next to cardboard boxes and plays an instrument .
workers wearing hard hats and face masks process waste .
a child in red jumps on a red object while others laugh .
a woman reads a book in a subway station .
a woman in a red sports-bra runs on the sidewalk past a brick fence .
a girl with dyed red-hair wearing striped clothing talking on a cellphone .
a person stands between two giant statues that look like faces .
a priest rubs a cross on a man 's  forehead .
"a man leads a caravan of six camels and their riders up a sandy hill , with rocky mountains in the background ."
an elderly person is crouched down and holding a cane .
painters in red overalls painting a large door from blue to gray .
a man shaving another man in a barber shop .
"a crowd of young people in winter clothing , waiting for the train ."
the dog walks through the cold water .
a white dog jumps up to catch a soccer ball in landscaped grassy yard .
a man wearing a dark top and white pants lies down in the shade on park bench .
adults in winter jackets and hats swing brooms at a little yellow ball while a black dog looks on .
the man and the woman are sitting at a table .
children play basketball on a court .
several women sitting in chairs in front of a wall of mirrors .
a caravan of green and red vehicles going up a mountain .
a man dressed in winter clothes is on the beach wiht a dog .
a toddler poses in front of a computer at a business office .
a sculptor in a blue sweater chiseling a piece of stone .
a woman tries to cross the road before a man on a red scooter .
an elderly woman is looking at a teenage boy
a large group of people dressed casually gather to dance .
an older man with glasses fixing a toy firetruck while an baby girl plays with it .
a woman on a cellphone walks up the steps of the underground with another passenger close behind .
a man selling or buying oranges on a cart in an outside supermarket .
a boy in red jumps backward onto the sand at a playground .
a boy jumps on the bright colored pillows .
a brown dog and a spotted dog squabble over a dog toy .
man in a sweater learning to knit .
female sign holders take refuge under umbrellas during a rainstorm .
a group of women are sitting around tables .
a group of women are sitting near each other and knitting .
several woman are conversing around a table .
a white dog in a black coat is standing in the snow .
a group of people are visiting in a dark lit room .
three females are hanging while the other three females are walking away .
a single man drinking a mug of green liquid
a group of people at a party with two cakes on the table .
many old females are performing arts and crafts .
a crowd of people are in the streets and some have torches .
a couple of people have finished shoveling a path .
men working along side a fish and chips restaurant with a dump truck .
a man is watching his young daughter 's  reaction to a homemade birthday cake .
people running and walking in and out of a small farm town .
a man dressed in black walks on an icy sidewalk
a little girl in a brown top and pink pants is balancing a bowl with plants in it on her head .
a group of people standing in the street .
a hold man in green jacket reads a book along a dirt trail .
a young boy holding a basketball about to shoot .
six small children in coats are gathered around a food cart selling chestnuts for 2.00 euros .
a construction worker overseeing someone digging with a machine .
a bunch on people are seated in a stadium .
"the images are n't  showing up , so i 'm going to assume the picture is lovely ."
two boys eating apples playing on a cement car barrier
boy with a painted face is walking around a track .
"a band is on stage playing music , led by a man wearing a suit ."
a woman is seen reading through a subway window .
young girl in pink dress plays with boy and a ball
"several people dressed in blue , one is twirling a ribbon"
two dogs are playing with a tennis ball in snow near a tree .
a black man standing alone outside in a long overcoat .
a girl is smiling as a motorcycle with two adults and a child pass by behind here .
a young boy washing a window .
woman in pink top riding a bicycle along side a man jogging along the waterfront .
a mom and a kid on the beach with sailboats in the background .
"a man reads an advertisement at a bus stop , while another man sits on a bench ."
two boy scouts filling bucket with water from a sink
a male dressed in a white shirt with white shorts paints a white wall black .
an older couple enjoying a christmas meal .
there are two guys playing guitar hero at a public place .
little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train .
"woman on the street window shops in front of the store , louis vuitton ."
six people are attempting to move a car on a snowy street .
a man in a blue sweater is playing a sporting game on the wii !
two girls playing instruments in a group .
a man stands on the rocky ledge of a large cliff .
looking down on someone climbing a cliff over water .
a man handling a gold vase type object with 2 others looking on .
a mother pulls her daughter on a sled in the snow .
"three people in skiing gear are standing behind a  "" no skiing ""  sign ."
a small group of people are standing talking to each other outside .
a woman wearing a visor is playing a piano outdoors .
a blond-haired boy is looking at an odd looking humanoid robot .
someone dangles on a rope from a rocky cliff over the ocean .
a rock climber with a white helmet is repelling .
a dog bounding across the sandy landscape in front of people watching .
a young boy weating blue shorts and cleats holding a football running from other boys .
the collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area .
group of girls hanging out on a wet sandy beach .
a young boy tosses his ball in the air outside .
a young man watches a little girl walking in the grass .
two dolphins jumped out of the water in this zoo .
a woman wearing a red hat and black coat .
two young girls exercising to keep up with playing soccer .
little girl kicking rocks on the beach with her dog .
three children jumping while an older man watches from a row of chairs nearby .
a young man plucking on his guitar in a waiting room .
two peoplw with top of heads on grass .
three dogs playing in a yard together .
some people looking out windows in a large building .
a small boy in black is surfing .
two gray dogs run together over the green grass .
the german shepherd is walking in the body of water .
a young boy is on the back of another person whom is wearing a hat .
a singer and two guitarists are playing on a colorfully lit stage .
an older gentleman wearing an elaborate headdress holding a white dog that has had its fur dyed several colors .
a dog carries a stick through the woods .
"two dogs , one large and one small , are playing together in the grass ."
four people riding on the subway .
a bald man sitting on a stage playing a guitar .
a man in a blue and white shirt is siting .
a group of campers is eating dinner near their fire .
the girl is playing along with the images on the big screen .
a brown and black dog is chasing a black dog in the snow .
a red-haired male is shaving his face .
several people are walking on a rainy busy street in asia with clear umbrellas .
a girl is playing a video game on a life sized screen .
a man is standing in front of a building holding heart shaped balloons and a woman is crossing the street .
a shirtless man works at a construction site .
a man without a shirt on is doing work on the side of a building .
a photographer is standing with a boy and his photography equipment .
a large dog runs through a field with a smaller dog .
a man wearing a welding helmet welding steel .
a brown and black dog walks in the white snow .
a woman and a little girl pose for a picture with a llama atop a hillside .
"a shirtless , bearded and mustached man peers through a home 's  doorway while a cat sits on the bottom step of the entrance to the home ."
a donkey pulling a car with a man on it
a pale boy playing in a pit of blue balls .
a foreign lady gathering vegetables .
"a dog runs in the snow , a fence in the background ."
a young boy smiling and holding sandals .
a gloved man is walking on a sidewalk near an orange van .
a group of people are walking outside an exhibition tent .
a woman is talking with two policemen in yellow jackets at an outdoor event .
a snowboarder doing a trick while on a run .
a man lays down to rest inside a wood structure against a building .
a green fish is jumping out of water .
a man in a black t-shirt looking down as he holds a drink .
man riding a bicycle on a foggy day .
a woman wearing a pink hat is looking at a pink car with the truck open .
woman in blue jacket shows off her vintage car in front of nathalie 's  dollhouse .
two women in sunhats walk arm in arm down a city street carrying purses .
people walk around and laugh outside .
a woman in a green tank top with curlers in her hair has makeup applied to her eyes in front of a leopard print backdrop .
brunette woman fixing blond woman 's  hair .
a woman with a yellow wrist corsage speaks to the blond bride .
a man in sunglasses sits with his girlfriend at a wedding .
people smile while standing in suits and dresses .
a man and a woman are getting married outdoors .
a man and woman getting married outside on a sunny day .
a groom and bride make their way down the aisle as man and wife .
men and women at a formal function when a woman in a white dress is carrying a bouquet of red flowers .
a woman leads three little boys in soccer uniforms .
three women in dresses are outside accepting hors d'oeuvres from a caterer .
a shaggy dog with a toy in its mouth .
a boy appears to be dancing to music in a building filled with people .
mom with child looking at blue fish .
four children are standing to pose for a photo .
a person uses a long-handled net to catch something in the air .
a man wearing green waterproofs is walking on a grassy cliff top carrying some penguins .
a man with a camera studies his work .
a young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat sits cross legged .
a boy hangs onto straps on a train .
a young girl folding a white piece of clothing from a laundry basket .
two people making music with a guitar and keyboard .
a woman wearing a pink boa rides a bicycle down a pedestrian bridge .
young man standing on fire escape of a city building .
a woman in a green shirt and blue hat is playing tennis .
a man dressed in blue is juggling in front of an audience .
a woman in jeans is sleeping on a man .
"a dog wearing a jacket , pounces a toy ."
"a man holds his crotch with his shirt pulled up , exposing his belly , all while wearing a dew rag ."
a man spinning a skateboard in his hands while people watch .
children are very excited to see a parrot eating food from his hand .
a white dog is splashing through the water .
construction workers are working with a heavy piece of machinery behind an orange and white striped barrier .
little boy discovering plants growing in a puddle of water .
"two teams playing football , one trying to tackle the other ."
asians eating in a restaurant with an orange motif .
a short-haired man in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background .
two dogs run along a path strewn with dead leaves .
a little boy pours water from a bucket onto another little boy 's  head .
an adult hikes in the snow with a mountain in the background .
a young boy is playing basketball in an official game .
three guys sit on a bench outside of a beverage shop talking .
a large dog chases a small dog on the sand .
a snowboarder in white soaring through the air .
"children , shown in an aerial view , are playing in a typical family room ."
a woman walks down the sidewalk carrying a plastic bag .
a dog walks through the snow in the daylight .
two dogs are running across a grassy field .
"there are five skiers , with backpacks , in the snow ."
a boy is holding a basketball in one hand .
a snowboarder in gray pants is doing a jump .
two mountaineers are looking ahead on a snowy trail .
a snowboarder leaning against his snowboard while looking at view of foggy mountains
black dog running very fast .
a man in a brown jacket standing in front of an open porch door .
two brown dogs running through a field with a red toy
"a person paints a photo of a dog , based on a photo of a dog ."
man talking on cellphone outside of a jewelry store .
a group of skiers head up an incline in the snow .
an older man standing by a younger man with earphones
a shirtless man with glasses and wet hair shaving facial hair .
man secures a large block of concrete .
man wearing a gray jacket sitting on a green bench petting a black dog wearing a red collar .
a man wearing leather takes a picture of crystal .
an older child watching a toddler play with a long spring inside a house .
two small white dogs playing
a little girl holding flowers is walking away down a path on a sunny day .
a man is working on constructing a shelter made of logs and reeds .
"a man , adolescent and two boys are mixing a bucket with liquid on a farm ."
a group of passengers socializing while waiting at a bus stop .
a man and woman wearing winter clothing try to sell various items on a table outside .
a boy wearing orange star glasses is sitting down holding a toy hammer .
two men outside looking at metalwork objects .
a boy is checking a system on the computer .
two elderly people being interviewed by a camera crew standing near a green metallic van .
a dog looks warily at the brown dog investigating his area .
a man wearing a black hat is sitting on a stool in front of a green door and next to speakers .
a boy and girl are splashing around in the ocean .
"a man , holding snorkeling equipment , jumps into the green water of the ocean ."
a man standing on the street .
one man is putting his hand on the back of another man and they are both on a boat .
its a beautiful day for an outdoor wedding .
many people shopping in a indoor market .
a young boy runs through bubbles .
eight people enjoy the fun of rafts and the beauty of a waterfall .
several people are walking down a trail .
a man in a blue and purple striped shirt and hat is walking past a brick building .
"in this photo , a woman is selling market items ."
there is a stand under a large blue and red umbrella with a large assortment of produce and there are several people looking through the produce .
a child making a sand castle on the beach .
a male conductor wearing all black leading a orchestra and choir on a brown stage playing and singing a musical number .
a young boy in a green wheel barrel with a girl pushing him .
guys in a hair salon one guy holding up one finger .
a team player takes time out to communicate with the media .
a black and white dog wearing collars shakes off on the dead grass .
little girl lying in many colored plastic balls .
a man with a beard stands out in color .
here is rod stewart in concert singing live with pat benatar .
"there are five singers on a stage , three women and two men ."
a dog runs through the tall grass .
a guy with sunglasses is sitting on a boat ferry in the sun .
the dog walks along a beach at sunset .
thre is a shot of man with his back turned in a city .
two black dogs running on grass .
two middle-aged men try to operate what looks to be a magnifier of some sort .
two girls coloring in a coloring book at a table .
a man in red swimming trunks stands in the snow on a cliff above the water .
a family poses in a snowy forest .
a group of young people get into costume in a sparse room .
two men in white shirts and wide white pants perform martial arts .
two dogs enjoy playing in the cold of the snow .
"a young girl reading a literary classic  "" to kill a mockingbird ""  ."
two women in a whirlpool with towels on the heads laughing .
skiiers on top of a mountain .
a man in a brown plaid shirt is selling pastries from a blue vending cart .
people in the market picking out and looking at fruit .
a man in a blue sweatsuit and a woman wearing a brown jacket and brown boots walk together .
a young man with brown hair playing a guitar .
a group of men sitting on red chairs .
a dog carries a newspaper through a kitchen .
a man in a white shirt showing a young boy how to make bread in a bakery .
"a dog descends a ramp , teeth bared ."
a group of men sit around a table that has empty bottles on it .
two basketball players watching the ball .
a man is skiing down a snowy hill while he casts a long shadow .
a guy performing tricks in front of kids with cool baseball bats
a man is reading a newspaper at a chinese food store .
a girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter .
an elderly man working with several lines of string .
a baby holding a rattle looking very sad .
a boy is surfing towards the beach on a green surfboard .
woman resting her head on a curved pillow .
a young woman is wearing a bridal veil outside a church .
a man and a little girl in a pink dress
a man sits on a bench with his arm around a lady .
a golden dog walks carefully around a frozen pond .
a woman is smiling and putting her fists in the air in delight .
man wearing a blue shirt holding a chain .
people are sitting in the couch and laughing .
a little boy jumping from one chair to another .
a dog leaps into the air to catch a ball in its mouth .
a man with a goatee leaning against a white van .
a woman with dark hair who is wearing an orange bikini lays out on a wicker chair .
a man in black clothing performing a stunt of swallowing lit torches .
a dog sits in a car with its tongue sticking out .
a man sleeping outside on the ground .
a man in all orange working on a construction site next to a large truck .
two boys ice skate with other people .
five adults and a child run opposite of the waves on the beach .
a man is busy trimming a palm tree .
a man in a black t-shirt is looking at a menu .
a white dog runs along a rocky shoreline .
the man stands close to the train at the busy train station .
a shirtless child is playing with a pink balloon on a sidewalk .
man and woman do a dance together with money all over the floor .
stuff animal prizes people may win by playing a carnival game .
"viewed as a mirror reflection , a woman applies a mascara pencil to her left eye ."
a couple of patron at a jazz club .
man on a motorcycle performing a trick high in the air .
the boy comes down the hill in the red wagon .
a man with a yellow shirt is in front of a man playing a musical instrument .
two dogs playing in the water with a stick
a child crawls on the floor looking at a pigeon .
hard working man on the job on the street .
a person is coming down a yellow water slide into a pool .
male food worker grills meat on a stick .
two young violinists walking towards the camera from a door .
a group of people dance at a oriental restaurant .
"three men are outside at sunset doing different activities , including jumping , sitting , and playing with a soccer ball ."
the girl is hitting the volleyball .
"man in dr pepper logo shirt laying on a blue blanket , with arm around a toy-chewing infant ."
two boys are playing flag football .
a man asleep on another sleeping man 's  lap on a park bench .
a group of people walking up a grass hill .
person on snow skis airborne over snow with green tree in the background .
three little kids on tricycles race downhill .
a dental patient is examined by a man and a woman in blue scrubs .
a young man walking by a fruit stand .
a person wearing a hooded sweatshirt and jeans stands on a tree that has fallen over a creek .
a group of people are eating cake at an office party .
a man is dressed in a black shirt while balancing a round object on the back of his hand .
two cowboys look in the back of truck .
one man is visible riding a black horse with a brown horse and bull in the background .
two cowboys from latin america or south america riding horses and chasing a bull .
two men on horses chase down a cow on a sunny day .
kids are playing in the yard
a man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water .
a group of children are playing in a museum .
a group of people riding horses in green vests .
a woman holding a tennis racket on a court .
a man and a woman in a blue dress are playing tennis .
a woman is holding a tennis racket .
a tennis player in red clothing is holding up her tennis racket .
a child laying in the midst of stuffed toys and blankets .
a woman is carrying a child on her back .
the boy runs across the court with the basketballs .
"two men both wearing white t-shirt are standing behind the counter , both holding knives ."
three firefighters standing in a lift .
"a smiling , happy-appearing blond woman with backpack stops to smile at the camera ."
the baby is sitting in a highchair .
a terrier mix catches a frisbee in the air .
the man in the robe has gold on his beard .
young asian man jumps up on top of a padded rectangular metal structure .
a little boy is playing on a wet stone surface .
young women with a green beanie bending down to pick up a basket from a four legged desk .
"an young asian boy is holding a small , white , long-haired dog ."
friends and family dance on a beach by their vehicles .
an indian woman poses for the camera in her bright clothing .
a light brown dog with a dark collar bounding through grass .
a man in black shirt and camouflage pants covered in cream .
four men with beards standing up and holding white plates .
a little girl kicks into the air .
white dog with mouth open running in the snow .
an asian woman and small boy are riding a bike together .
"a smiling indian woman driving a blue truck wearing a colorful orange , green , and white outfit ."
two people jump off a sand dune on a beach
"a man , wearing a striped shirt , operates a microscope in a laboratory ."
a child is sitting in a hole filled with water .
the brown dog is walking along a grassy path with its tongue out .
a black dog runs with a white dog
two large dogs are running together through the grass .
a dog rolls in the grass .
a boy in red prepares to slide down a blue slide .
several men on horseback staring into a mountain background
a lady wearing a fancy costume and headdress while drinking from a can .
a puppy carries a tennis ball in its mouth .
a woman with five kids all around her with a smile on her face .
man paddles a canoe through placid lake waters
some people are crossing a green bridge over a river .
two young men help another man in a store back room .
two boys dressed in ragged solid color clothing stand side by side while one holds an ax .
a man sitting at a table using a notebook computer .
a kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him .
two women are conversing in an art gallery .
a person and their tan dog go for a ride in a rowboat .
a brown dog sitting on grass
a white dog is running with an orange fence behind him .
one man and one boy looking into a tent with a blue blanket in it .
a woman with a tennis racket about to swing at a ball .
woman in a white shirt and black skirt playing tennis .
a woman wearing a hooded sweatshirt and black pants with a ponytail playing tennis .
a blond dog playing with a colorful dog toy .
two girls with long hair stand in front of a cluttered table .
a tennis player raises her racket to hit the ball .
a little girl walks on a path of an indoor garden .
a female tennis player about to strike the ball .
a brown-haired woman in a beige jacket writes on a piece of paper on a pink table .
a woman wearing a white skirt is playing tennis .
"a blond woman playing tennis , in front of a blue advertising background ."
an indian man and woman are asleep on public transport .
a child smiling as they are being thrown in the air by an adult .
a woman with green hair is swinging at a pinata .
a black and white dog runs over snow by a tree and bench .
a tennis player collecting tennis balls in a tennis court .
women on tennis court standing in front of net holding a book .
a happy tennis player in a white sports bra .
a girl with a white top and yellow shorts is playing tennis .
there is a woman in yellow playing tennis .
a young tennis player stretches for a ball on a clay court .
a woman in a white tennis outfit playing tennis .
a woman in a blue sports outfit is about to hit a tennis ball .
a man walking in front of graffiti on a cloudy day .
"an older and a younger woman , both with tennis attire and rackets , smile side to side for the camera ."
the children make snow angels next to each other .
"a graveyard worker is digging , or filling a grave , another person is on his cellphone , leaning on a tombstone ."
a person in a fur collared coat is walking past a statue .
a man and a woman are using a machine built into the wall .
an african american walking down the street in a bright colored shirt .
a boy dressed as a cowboy is petting a four-legged animal with horns and a saddle .
a young cowboy is mesmerized by the presence of a camel .
three barefoot children fun and smile in an indoor setting .
a man with muscular arms is performing gymnastics .
a man in red tights balances on a beam with his legs in the air .
a guy is communicating with someone in a car .
"this female is ready to fight if need be , she is trained ."
the black and white dog leaps to catch a toy .
two young children are being pushed on a tire swing with snow on the ground .
an elderly woman taking part in a ceremony .
large brown dog jumping over a bush in a grassy area .
a gymnast is hanging upright in rings .
a black furry dog is jumping in the air next to another dog .
two young boys watching their father use a stand up mixer .
a tan dog is playing with a red dog in snow .
a little blond girl on a climbing wall .
a man has his shoes shined on the sidewalk on street lined with parked motorbikes .
a man is kissing a woman on the cheek .
three kids and one adult walking on a path .
several people sitting on a bench before sunset .
one man is smoking a cigarette and the other man is meeting his gaze .
a dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
a man wearing large snowshoes runs inside of a seemingly crowded ski resort .
a gray-haired man is sitting outside talking on the phone .
two young children huddle around a woman on the street between two green and yellow trolleys .
two men sitting and having drinks .
a brown dog is playing with a red toy while another brown dog bounds towards the camera .
a woman slipping backwards in the snow .
a man wearing a t-shirt and blue jeans is jumping from a cliff by a large canyon .
a man and a child kicking a yellow ball in an open field .
a boy in a blue shirt jumps down stairs on a skateboard .
a bowler throwing a ball down the lane trying to hit two pins .
a woman in a pink hat is helping a little girl in a white hat with her ice skates .
the man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling .
a black dog with a red collar wading through the water .
indian women sort out clothing .
three children playing and having a good time in a poverty area .
four girls in a building playing with each other
a woman all dressed in blue with blue bags stands outside a window .
a boy and his brother are playing with sticks and swords .
a woman with a black purse and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete .
a person dirtbikes along a muddy trail .
a man is throwing a ball at a pile of blocks with stuffed animals in the background .
a boy walks across a rope structure on a playground .
a gray dog chasing a brown dog in shallow water .
a man is shaking hands with a mannequin .
older gentleman smoking while walking by a painting of an old man .
a man wearing a black jacket is working on a roof .
three glass elevators with people inside of them .
a crowd of boys riding a vehicle .
"a child jumping from an indoor climbing gym , while other children climb over other parts of the structure ."
the white and brown dog is shaking its ears .
a little girl climbing the stairs on the playground equipment .
group of people watching laptop monitors .
"two females , one wearing a backpack , are standing over a body of water ."
person observing a river with a bridge going over it .
a woman wearing a black coat and sunglasses is standing in front of a man walking away with a backpack .
a woman sits on a log near the water .
a man in a white shirt and khaki pants with a hat on climbing a mountain .
a sled-dog team works hard on this snowy trail .
a man with glasses sitting at a table with a coffee cup and several other items on the table .
three men play guitars on stage .
two children run along a boardwalk that crosses over a body of water .
a bald guy wearing a black t-shirt plays the guitar .
two men are kicking a yellow and black ball over a net .
young spanish girl jumps off the concrete yard divider onto the sidewalk .
an emergency exit map hangs above a doorway where a woman reaches up for something .
a man carefully inspects the roof tiles .
a man in the kitchen attempting to remove some meat he has cooked from the paper plate .
a couple stand and looks at the ocean .
a person has his or her hands in a dog 's  mouth .
boy jumps in desert while others watch and take photo .
a man with long curly hair fell asleep during a car ride .
a young boy stands staring at a television screen .
a little girl is pushing a little boy who is sitting on a swing .
a kid playing in a bunch of flowers .
three men play saxophones while one man play makeshift drum on a corner
a brown dog and black and white dog run along the green grass .
the side of a building next to a church is painted with a brightly colored coca-cola sign .
a father and son asleep in their blankets .
a woman wearing gray speaks into a microphone at an event while two men listen .
several people moving a structure .
a small child on a tire swing in a forested field .
men and women sitting behind a long table while talking and doing work on their laptops .
a man who is wrapped in a gray wrap is stooping on the ground .
a gentleman is operating a machine while working in a factory .
several ladies are sitting together around a table .
the woman gets a gift out of a christmas stocking .
a woman in pink is sitting and enjoying the object she is holding .
a female is opening up a present .
a man trying to stay on the bucking bronco .
two dogs are facing each other in a grassy field .
the brown dog sees a black dog laying in the dry grass .
"a little-league baseball player , wearing a white #19 jersey , successfully hits the ball ."
"a woman is looking at a pamphlet talking to someone , while a guy takes photos in the background ."
a woman is trying on knit arm warmers .
two girls preparing their home for a big party .
a woman in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn animals .
a young woman is holding-up a red and white dress while two other women smile and watch .
the white dog leaping over a snow covered log .
a man is standing in a grassy field equipped with a type of gardening tool which he is using on the grass .
a man in a hat riding a bucking horse .
the brown dog is playing in the white snow .
man in white suit throws first pitch at baseball game .
a man in a white shirt is making a speech into a microphone .
a woman performing at a concert .
a group of young men is playing a game on the beach .
a man in a black outfit poses in front of the eiffel tower .
a man in a boat in a blue shirt and hat has a fishing pole that is bent halfway .
four rockers posing on a tree stump .
"two guys , one is carrying a bag , and one girl are walking down the street ."
a sculptor poses in front of his work .
"a man looks at the camera as he stands outside a subway entrance , while a girl behind him talks on her cellphone ."
a group of people outside a church at a wedding .
a group of seated men have coffee around two tables .
a large group of people at a party .
a man wearing brown is outside next to a bicycle
people outside a house in snow .
a person sitting next to a tripod watches boats in a harbor .
a man juggles at the beach .
a fluffy white dog running across the snow .
"several people met in a session , some with computers , some needing stand ."
a man on a boat dock looking onto the water at a boat
a woman in red is slightly hunched over next to a brick building .
a man with tattoos is lounging on a couch holding a pencil .
two husky-like white dogs are outside on snow .
a child in a blue sleep suit plays with a red mop in a red bucket .
a white dog running in the snow .
the photo looks down on a street where five pedestrians are walking .
"several people with baggage , lost looks on their faces , and comfortable ."
numerous men and women enjoying an outdoor area .
two boys watch a third boy kicking some snow .
a man in a long-sleeved lack shirt sitting at an organ in a large building as people 3 people look on .
a man plays makeshift drums on white buckets in the snow .
a boy with a zip-up sweater is playing the french horn .
a man is sitting with his music stand in front of him .
a brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field .
a man on a bicycle rides past a bright blue door .
a tribesman makes his way up a tree with his feet and his hands .
a group of mothers are sitting and breast feeding their babies .
two cows stand in front of people riding a bus .
a man is sitting on a bench at a subway station .
a man with a green jacket and a black hat standing near a doorway .
the gray and white dog is walking on gravel .
a man on a skateboard is jumping in the air with it .
two male soccer players are resting to take a drink .
a toddler walking through an old building in a blue outfit .
a dog runs through the snow .
a child in a blue jacket and helmet is on a skateboard .
two men working on building a house .
the child is standing on top of a snowbank with their arms outstretched .
two young girls in fancy dresses are standing outside .
a toy lego set is featured in the foreground while a woman and child play with it in the background .
kids forming a rock band .
a group of six people relaxing in the living room and playing a board game .
"surfer catching a good , deep clear blue , wave ."
a man standing at the top of a plastic chair eye bulling the different kind of hats
a man working on laying a new roof .
a girl in a bathrobe holding a plate of food stands next to a boy holding utensils and a red cup .
two people sleep on a bench .
two men and a child are using a ruler on a wall .
indian man with elephant and group of indian children in temple .
a boy has a spiked bracelet and a strange glove on .
a man known as deleon speaks at a q&amp;a .
man with glasses on speaking in a microphone surrounded by a group of people .
a small child plays with a batman toy car
a lady wearing a green sweater is putting candy on a shelf .
two children hug one another .
a large crowd of people watch the stage as an outside concert takes place .
a little girl looking at a large boulder
a black dog plays with two soft toys in front of a fireplace .
ensuring that an accurate account of all i see here is appropriately recorded .
a man looks through a microscope while another man in the background also looks through a microscope .
a group of guys swimming in red trunks .
a black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow .
a woman looks at art in a gallery while two children sit on the floor .
a white female in a red dress assisting a black female bride into her white wedding dress .
many people near a crosswalk in a busy city .
man in costume talks to a girl in a blue hoodie in a conference center .
a man is walking on the beach at sunrise .
a group of people taking a stroll on the beach at sunset .
seven children are jumping in a grassy meadow .
a beige dog and brown dog in the snow .
a ragged man sleeping behind a building .
a man climbing an icy glacier with the assistance of a pick .
a little girl riding a skateboard while a boy swings a toy at her .
a man wearing a plaid shirt is painting on a large sheet .
a man writing something down behind a bush .
a man rides on a unicycle down the sidewalk .
a woman is shampooing and man 's  head in a hair salon .
a woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush .
a firefighter is putting wooden blocks under a crushed blue car .
a brown and black dog running through a grassy field
an adult male is kneeling on top of a roof make repairs
a man shows a woman how to use a saw to cut a board .
two people walking down a city street at night
a group of guys working on a small blue open-topped racing vehicle .
a firefighter is working at a fire .
a white dog is running through the snow .
a man playing a black grand piano .
a cow lies on a walkway between two rails as some people relax nearby and a woman walks away .
crowd of people with red construction hats standing around a oil pump .
two men in martial arts clothing are kneeling before racks of weapons .
a brown dog plays in the snow .
there is a construction site with a backhoe and a man with a shovel .
two men wearing bright yellow vests sit in a vehicle .
there are two men in yellow vests working in a large green filed .
a little girl is riding a bicycle .
"a man with a thin beard and brown jacket plays  "" guitar hero ""  in a crowded room ."
a rider on a horse landing from a jump .
a man with glasses talks to a group of friends .
a lady with a pink hoodie is taking a video of large screen monitor of a sports team .
"a lady dressed in a black coat , jean skirt , black boots and black handbag , walking by a huge ad of a lady digging through her purse ."
a female dancer does a center leap across a stage .
"a brown , black and white dog is on a obstacle course ."
a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
two adorable children who were dressed very similar by their mother are enjoying a train ride .
a muscular man in swim trunks plays paddle ball on the beach
a curly-haired man is talking or possibly debating with a blond-haired man in front of a table .
a policeman is sitting in a van looking out the window .
two men are working on a circular window by standing on chairs .
a blond woman in blue clothes is playing a cello .
a woman sitting in a chair while a man is removing her garter belt
several dogs grouped together in a winter setting .
this young man is shaving in front of a mirror .
a man wearing a blue shit is standing up speaking .
an indian man wearing a turban walks along a sidewalk .
a man climbs up a rock .
several dancers are doing leg lifts on stage .
"a shirtless male is riding a skateboard , performing a trick ."
"a japanese man in a red shirt , at the olympics playing tennis ."
a man throws the bowling ball to knock down the last pin .
a woman dressed in a traditional wrap can be seen through a small hole archway .
a woman carrying a bowl on her head is walking ahead of a child outside .
two chefs trying to figure out how to prepare the meal .
several men are walking and standing in john a. noble facility .
a child is playing among a flock of birds in the park .
a food vendor selling food at a street market .
an asian woman in black clothing is sitting in a public place .
the building is covered with red &amp; black graffiti .
a man in a canoe paddles while another man tosses a net out into a large body of water .
a normal sunny day in a big city .
a big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow .
a man is being attacked by a german shepherd .
a loving woman kneeling down near 3 cats while tending to and feeding an injured cat .
a big man plays guitar on stage .
a young child is sitting in a swing at a playground .
a man peers at an object through a microscope .
three brightly robed girls are sitting on a rock ground in front of a large rock .
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .
many individuals are waiting patiently for the line to go down to enter this building .
a fisherman in a field near a lake .
two young children are playing with a teenage girl who is blindfolded .
a man being picked up by his teammates to catch the ball .
a young boy kicking a soccer ball with a young girl in the background .
two teams battle it out for the win !
a snowboarder is taking a picture in front of some trees .
"a man wearing jeans and a hooded , long-sleeved top , and a backpack , walks in a desert ."
three young women embrace while displaying baked goods in kitchen .
a boy and girl run across a grassy field towards a forested hill .
a group of men and women gather around a conference table .
two dark-haired girls are in a crowd .
a woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill .
a woman stands with a ferret and a dog .
a male is sitting at a table with a coffee cup in front of his left arm .
kids play in a blow up playground .
a young boy welds a piece of metal while shielding his face .
a man walking 3 dalmatians along a sunny street .
these three men are jogging the same direction down a city street wearing sunglasses .
a group of women competing in roller derby .
a broen haired woman wearing a black coat with coffee in her hand
a little boy is paining a plate .
the large brown dog is paddling in the water .
two men in business attire standing behind a camera .
young friends in a park relaxing and enjoying conversation with each other .
an asian band in a parade with a female band majorette .
"three girls dressed alike in plaid skirts and hats , green sweaters , and blue knee socks walk together ."
a girl throwing a soccer ball while sitting down .
a girl in a pink jersey and green knee high socks kicks a soccer ball .
a girl walking in front of a soccer net during a game .
"a man , who is wearing a black cap and a mostly gray hoodie , seems to be at a party ."
a man is sitting on a black and brown dog .
a red convertible is driving down the road and is stopped by an onlooker .
black man painting a sign .
a boy wearing a green shirt is jumping in front of a lane at a bowling alley .
the two woman are looking at something .
a girl kicks a ball with three girls doing the same in the background .
a little girl playing in a soccer game .
four young girls in green and blue uniforms play soccer together .
a young girl prepares to kick a pink soccer ball .
a girl footballer stands near a fence about to toss the ball back into play .
an older man sitting outside in the sun watching something under his umbrella .
a young man and an older man sit on a plaid loveseat .
two women holding children talking to one another .
a blond-haired toddler boy looks ahead while a blond-haired woman adjusts his collar .
a woman dressed in black is silhouetted against a cloud darkened sky .
a child with a moose on his shirt is playing with a train set .
a child looks nervous at the top of a slide .
a soccer game being played as the sun sets .
a young boy wearing mr. potato head teeth and glasses .
several people stand on stage with their arms held up in the air .
a girl wearing a yellow jacket sitting on a stone lion .
4 people standing next to a fire cooking a meal
a young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands .
two people are together and one of them is using a microphone .
a man with glasses climbing a rock wall .
a man in a yellow reflective vest squats on a lawn while using on a cellphone .
five cricket players are lounging on the grass .
a woman in white is throwing a boy into the air .
one young man is wearing a hat and protective goggles while snowboarding .
a man in a snorkel is swimming in the water viewing aquatic life .
some african american young adults are playing volleyball .
a man is building a large sand castle on the beach .
a man on rollerblades glides down a park path .
two puppies are playing in the green grass .
an asian man is carrying a baby in a matching robe .
a man plays his guitar in a dimly lit room .
a dog is jumping to catch a frisbee .
two guys and a woman standing and talking in a playground .
a young girls is laying in a snow cave
a woman in blue sits on a curb next to blue railings in front of the ocean .
people are walking down a street .
a group of young boys in red robes are bringing their pots to be filled with water .
a professional swimmer racing to the finish line .
a man is in a pool getting ready to begin a race .
an indian woman using a pulley to obtain a jug .
a group of synchronized swimmer arrange themselves in a star shape in a pool .
a brown dog shaking off water .
two women on a movie set reviewing film
a man and woman laughing .
three girls wear straw hats and dance on a stage .
a man in a workout suit is reading to a woman .
a young man and woman are at a dinner table with food in front of them .
two joyful people are walking down the city street .
a woman bends over to attend to her child in a yellow jacket .
a woman is walking and dragging a suitcase .
a man jumping in the sand along the shore while holding something in his hand .
construction in the city at night .
two police officers in bright yellow uniforms are standing and talking to one another .
a black man is pulling a blue shirt while distracted .
two men in business suits are discussing a topic while standing up in front of a podium .
a dance performance is going on in front of an audience .
a gray and white puddle fighting next to another black and brown dog on a bed .
man in sunglasses and leather jacket looking down
a young boy climbs a spiral staircase in a room full of books .
a young boy swings a bat at a large baseball .
a man and a woman are having drinks at a table .
a man is setting up equipment for a rock show .
a person is walking their dog on a leash while a child in a red shirt rides by on a skateboard
a man leans against a building near a busy street .
a store with wii consoles in it and people looking at them .
a black dog caught in mid-jump catching a toy in his mouth .
a woman in a plaid coat is standing in front of washing machines inside a laundromat .
men behind windows with bars on them .
"a man on a huge chunk of snow , holding a rope ."
a woman happily opened her gift and discovers a kitchenaid blender .
crowd waiting on main street subway platform for a train .
a man and woman are waiting for their food at a restaurant .
a man with black hair and glasses is holding a camera on a tripod .
man with blue pants flipping in the air .
two men in a band play guitar and sing on stage .
a girl climbing a chain link fence .
a member of a band is playing a keyboard .
the bellingham high school band performing .
two men and a woman are standing in water with a golden retriever .
an african american man holding a guitar looking out the window .
child in blue shirt smiles about what 's  in his hand .
a person in a yellow shirt sits on a sidewalk .
there is girl standing on the pier wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod .
a blond girl sleeps on a couch .
the brown dog is being chased by a black dog while holding a small toy in his mouth .
two black and brown dogs looking at each other .
a crowd of people sit at round tables in a banquet hall .
two women wearing open toed shoes are riding a motorcycle .
a girl riding a bike with her helmet on with overcast weather .
a group of people are enjoying themselves at a table .
a man playing a guitar while standing in front of a microphone singing .
this lady is singing in a club .
a black dog is facing a brown dog in an open outdoor space .
a woman in pink walking under the twin flyovers
two people in brightly colored outfits handle squares of fabric with colorful designs .
a young girl in a beige dress running near a wooded area .
two children play on the bed with a remote control .
"children playing soccer , one in the process of kicking the ball ."
"a short-haired , brunette woman singing into the microphone up on stage with her band ."
"a group of women in matching uniforms , one of which is speaking ."
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
a fireman douses a red truck that is smoking as a police officer approaches .
a group of people waiting around under the freeway .
a newlywed couple stands in front of a large crowd .
a group of boys are playing on a beach .
two people are getting soaked by a waterfall .
a young newlywed couple cuts their wedding cake that their reception .
a few people are sitting down watching a woman present something in a classroom as an gentleman looks reluctant in the background .
a barefoot woman in a red and green skirt is surrounded by clay pots and is working with clay .
a boy is playing with a screwdriver .
a child wearing a gray sweater holds a crab and looks at it .
a flautist plays the flute in a marching band
the kid rides his green and black bike down the street .
two men hanging from ropes over a waterfall .
"four female passengers wait for their train , one is sitting and the rest are standing ."
three dogs are running side by side on the grass .
a woman in a gray shirt and black capris is running along a road .
a boy is swimming in water .
a man with long hair and a green striped shirt talks to a woman who is listening intently .
women posing in a goofy candid photo in a studio
a young girl just jumped out of her yellow swing .
a little girl in red is down on the ice
a toddler all bundled up getting ready to go down a slide .
several dogs carry a man with a helmet through snow .
young african american child with beads in her hair looking at the camera and covering her mouth with a coat on .
a man is teaching three girls how to play an instrument .
a young bare-chested man talking with a casually dressed man along a lonely desert road .
brown and white dog playing in the grass .
a woman in a floral pattern dress is operating a loom .
two men in blue clothing sit on a boat .
three workers hold buckets and crouch on beams with a view of a town below them .
hispanic people sitting on the beach in the sand talking on the phone .
a child jumps up near a body of water .
a child looks at a baby sleeping in a crib .
bespectacled man in suit opens wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him .
men unlocking a gate for a train .
the women gives the man a hug and kiss while his dog is on the leash .
a man receiving a haircut at a barber shop .
a man inspects the uniform of a figure in some east asian country .
a young boy rock climbing .
a man is rock climbing with spotters below .
two small kids holding hands while walking in a street .
a black dog nursing black and white puppies .
a young woman jumping up off the floor .
a group of men dressed in red are playing the drums .
an opposite side street-shot of applebee 's  and dave and buster 's  restaurants .
a young child smiling while on a swing at a playground .
middle-aged man in yellow shirt standing on sidewalk holding a green bag and casting a shadow .
a woman with a blue scarf is reading a magazine in front of a painting of sunflowers .
a man and a woman kissing outdoors .
"a little girl playing the guitar , some flowers to the left ."
a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street
a man in a blue plaid shirt walks behind people with his dog at the beach
a girl inside a long tubular slide .
a man stands in the distance on the ocean while he stands on a small boat .
a black and brown dog carries a red toy in his mouth .
a young child is walking along side a large black and brown dog with snow on the ground .
a man in a gray coat speaks into a microphone .
a group of young people holding bottles and pointing at the camera .
two women walk down the crowded street .
the little girl in the pink top is running down the path .
a woman wearing a black shirt giving a lecture .
there is a little girl in a pink helmet riding her pink bicycle along a waterway .
a track athlete is jumping a hurdle .
a dog is jumping as he turns around on a beach .
a band plays on a small stage .
a girl in a black hat with a pink flower on it plays the keyboard .
a family prepares the dinner table for a party .
a few people sitting on a pier looking at a lake .
a band called screaming orphans is giving a concert .
we are singing the popular song for you all .
kids race around a go-cart track with adult supervision .
a little body in an orange shirt is holding a yellow sword and holding it toward the camera .
young boys playing ball on the beach .
"a man is sitting in a chair with his foot propped up on a cabinet , talking into a microphone ."
a man in a suit sits talking into a microphone .
a man in a gray suit is talking in front of a microphone .
a man pokes his out of a small window .
someone is playing hopscotch on a chalked out grid on the ground .
a young child is watching a man play an electric guitar .
guy and girl looks at a person giving a speech while they are sitting down .
a man is paddling a boat during a sunset .
four children in black and red hats and black clothes perform .
a woman sitting in chair discusses a topic into a microphone .
a man in a white shirt and blue shorts swinging a tennis racket .
a boy cuts a flip in the grass .
in front of an asian market store one man rests in a chair while another man cleans .
the young boy was playing with his train set .
a man holds a baby while they smile at each other .
people are walking down the stairs through the fog .
a group of indians stand next to a streetlight in the daytime with clouds above them all .
a brown and black dog running through a river
"people next to a red , white and blue hot air balloon that is on the grass"
a man speaking directly into a microphone
a boy wearing a blue hood holds a baby animal and smiles .
a group of theater students are jumping in sequence on stage .
a small baby in winter clothing is being held upright to take a picture .
people in a crowd behind a yellow metal gate .
a young boy kicks a soccer ball while six others play but are dressed as referee .
a young girl is climbing on a wooden structure .
three helmet-wearing roller-blading children are next to a skating young adult .
two children are playing on a playground .
a woman who is fixing her computer while showing her daughter what it is doing .
two women and an officer departing an airplane .
a man in red swim trunks on a boat in the water .
a young boy sleeping after playing with his friends .
a little girl wearing a decorated helmet is slumped over a small two-wheel bike .
a man wearing a face mask sits near a tent and a trailer .
boy rock climbing on a blue wall while an adult looks away .
a worker cleaning a brick street .
the cheerleading squad for a professional basketball team is performing a routine .
a man looking out of his window .
"people in front of waterfront , 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water ."
"man in green shirt with suspenders talking on the phone , while sitting at a table ."
a man in a white shit and beret amongst many gold items .
a black dog running in a race .
the girl in blue shorts is sitting on a broken tree stump .
"people , outside , throwing stuff over the top of them ."
a young man in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti .
one boy jumps over another boy on a trampoline .
a man wearing glasses and a woman wearing a black hat and dark sunglasses sit together on a subway train .
a boy is secured between two bungee cords and is suspended in air .
an old woman in a long coat with a small cart crosses the street while another woman smoking a cigarette watches .
a man is getting into a red car .
a lone man casting a fishing line into the water at sunset .
a man welds in a yellow car .
"a girl in black sitting on the floor in a dorm doing classwork , and a girl in a red shirt doing work on the computer ."
the child is on a wooden rocking horse .
"a woman with curly hair in a black jacket , black pants and black heeled boots walks down the street ."
a woman is forming clay on a pottery well .
two children are running down a sidewalk in front of a building .
a dog emerging from a lake .
a big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow .
a blond woman is laughing
a woman sits in a waiting room reading a magazine depicting a scantily-clad man and woman .
somebody putting a shoe on and leaving in a hurry .
a black and a white dog play with a rope toy in a backyard
a grocery store worker is pushing several baskets at once .
a older man sitting in front of what appears to be a doorway .
a dark-skinned man squats in front of a plate of food .
a woman is talking on her cellphone while a couple id sitting at a restaurant .
girls in purple asian dresses sitting in chairs in a formal setting .
"a boy in a swimming pool , wearing goggles , gives the  "" two thumbs up ""  sign ."
a child runs barefoot across a blacktop parking lot .
"guy with long brown , curly hair and eyeglasses , playing guitar , sitting on grass , wearing striped shirt and blue jeans ."
a woman sitting against a wall behind a pane of glass .
a dog running through a forest in the winter time
a crowd of people looking at two guys on motorcycles .
a group of people are standing outside watching something happening .
a guy and girl playing a board game on the floor .
a little dog is leaping through the air over a snowy field .
kid wearing a paper crown sitting in a shopping cart .
a man jumping over boxes for exercise in the middle of a high school track .
motorcyclist entering a motorcycle cage in front of a large crowd .
a little girl on a bouncey playground animal sits while a woman takes her picture .
a man sits perched on a course rock wearing a white tank top .
several dogs are walking around on a brick street .
a cook in the kitchen is preparing food
a girl with a backpack and a boy on a bike are standing at a crosswalk .
young children playing in a pile of toilet paper .
an older man is sitting in a chair while looking at a magazine .
a guy wearing a costume with a blue striped shirt .
people are sitting on stools in a clothing store .
two hikers climbing while one poses for a camera .
a bridesmaid in a sleeveless black dress holding a bouquet of red flowers at a wedding .
a street performer playing a percussion instrument in front of a crowd of people .
someone leaps across the beach in a sign of joy !
a group of people sitting at a table .
a boy wearing a hat and shorts is sleeping on a bench .
a man walks past a building with a door that says keep clear .
a person trails behind some ducks on the water to a lake .
girl playing flute as she walks by fence in rural area .
the white dog jumps over a stream of water .
a lady with glasses and a warm hat looks in the distance .
a blond-haired child is swinging on a tire swing .
deli man slicing meat thin and weighing the sliced pieces .
two people sitting under a blossoming tree looking at a mountain near a shack .
a person is riding in a boat on a lake .
a woman wearing a tank top and gloves washing the windows on top of a train .
man in a polo shirt reading to a toddler on his lap .
a white dog wrestles with a black and brown dog on the green grass .
two children walking up an enormous staircase .
a little boy in a red and white-striped shirt and shorts sits among large plants .
a boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset .
a woman in a black shirt chases a little boy in an orange shirt .
a child in a red jacket chases pigeons .
a woman is making a face that looks like she is in pain while holding her chest with both hands .
two dogs run around in an outdoor enclosure .
an older man in a weathered fedora smiles slightly for the camera .
a dog runs by the water 's  edge .
"four men are working with scaffolding , two have red coats ."
children are playing on the swings at a park .
"a child and a grownup , each wearing hats , play by the ocean ."
woman with headscarf and girl in red costume dress walk through urban area .
"a man in a striped shirt is shaving at a mirror , with a young child watching him ."
a woman in a blue top is sitting on a bus .
a man wearing a red shirt is reaching out for his hat that fell while he is walking a tightrope .
bikers ride down a busy rural street .
a man with a blue jacket stands outside a building with gold-rimmed doors .
a large ship on the water at dusk .
a couple standing next to a fence looking at a body of water .
a man wearing a suit and tie kicking his heels together .
a group of people are playing tennis on a clay tennis court .
a man is waiting to go in the booth .
a jockey on a horse is attempting to jump logs in a field .
little boy in a red jacket sliding in the snow .
a closeup of a man in glasses looking at the camera .
a girl beside a blue tarp wall wearing a backpack and a purse .
a man with red glasses and a white beard is posed with a cane and trees in the background .
children playing a game in a field .
a shirtless got in blue pants is being chased by a girl in a black shirt .
a orchestra performing a piece .
a woman is looking on the food she kept in the glass box .
a woman hugs a man outside while he is yawning .
a lady with a gray jacket and jeans sitting close to a man wearing a long coat .
"a male and female , both wearing sandals , walking by a fence ."
"a guy is fishing off the dock , it looks like he has something big on the end of his line ."
a man wearing a black suit is talking and gesturing with his hands .
a man wearing blue and a woman wearing pink pose in front of the lake .
a black dog swimming through a river .
a shirtless man with a blue towel on his head is shaving his beard .
an older man is trying to figure out what a sewing machine is .
"four people in hats stand to watch an event , two of them with cameras ."
five people are sitting outside playing cards with each other .
a small girl with dark hair standing on a lawn collecting dandelions .
three men in yellow shirts work outside a restaurant .
college men and woman sitting at a meeting in a room with a teacher while one of the men is standing and explaining something .
there are three dogs racing around a muddy track .
a man bent over sweeping in basement that is made for very short people .
a man is lowered on a pulley in front of a building .
people sit in a restaurant with tall ceilings and large windows drinking various wines and socializing .
a local man sitting on a stool gives directions to a tourist .
a woman in a jacket is standing next to a fence playing horse shoes .
a woman in blue with a cane sitting on a barrel .
a woman in a red shirt and a white apron works with clay while a young girl watches .
a group of hikers hiking along dirt trail .
a group of friends that were playing a stacking game before it came falling down .
this woman in shorts is holding a microphone .
a woman in black jacket is sitting on a maroon wooden sidewalk bench .
a person laying on the ground next to a cow .
a person sits on the gravel holding a sleeping dog .
"a happy newlywed woman , surrounded by friends and family , has a bouquet of flowers ."
a child wearing purple runs through splashing water while a man in red looks on .
two men in a room with many beds .
"two men smiling at the camera inside a restaurant , one is holding up a beer ."
three blond women are looking in microscopes .
a redheaded woman is sitting in front of a chain link fence and has two men on either side of her .
a young couple enjoys a snowball fight .
a child is posing with a funny by for the camera by the water .
a man in a gray shirt and khaki pants sits on a camping chair .
a young woman walking along in the shadows in front of a fenced area .
a man pushing a cart on a dirt road .
two women in lab coats looking on a image projected on the wall
a blond woman in a pink turtleneck jumps with yellow bungee cords .
a woman in a mustard dress with a white purse is walking down the street in front of a brick building .
construction on the inside of a house .
"an older woman and a young boy , who is eating something , sit facing away from each other ."
the two seated girls smile towards the camera .
"there are two kids , a soccer ball , a dog and a goat outside in a field ."
a dog with a muzzle and blue jacket runs around the yard .
a man hugging a young boy in a blue shirt .
a boy gives being in the snow two thumbs up .
a furocious female tennis player about to hit a tennis ball in the air .
two people walking down some stairs .
the child in the green shirt is on a machine with wheels .
a man in a hat enjoys a beer .
the woman is training a white dog to zigzag through metal poles .
a barefooted girl is swinging high on a swing on a spring afternoon .
a policeman walks away from a gate with a large brown and black dog .
a blond dog runs in the grass holding a stick in its mouth .
a man stands in front of a statue .
a man in a public road workers uniform sprays water .
reflections in water of people on bridge and child walking to the water 's  edge
the woman is skating in the park .
two women are looking at images on a computer screen .
a red-haired girl holds a cute baby goat .
a child playing on a red scooter .
"two children , a boy and a girl , running across the dirt ."
a person swimming in a pool wearing a red bathing suit and blue goggles .
a child in a dragon costume on a bike .
a man dressed in a brown coat and bomber hat is carrying shopping bags and walking towards an intersection .
two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event .
a kid sliding down a slide while another kid looks on
a man in suit is walking down a crowded street .
a man is walking in front of an older home without any paint on it
people heading home from work at the train station .
two people sitting on a bench in a city street with a heart shaped balloon in hand .
a man in black coat and gray pants are walking along a quiet street .
two dogs playfully wrestle in a rocky setting .
a little girl in a sundress plays in the sand .
a black dog and a brown dog in snow .
a man with a motorcycle helmet rests by the waterfront .
six women that are showing their nationality by holding a flag .
several people wearing white mask are holding a banner and signs .
several military men surrounding women who are sitting on the ground with flags .
two black and white dogs fighting in the snow
a little boy plays with a basketball and a toy basketball hoop .
kids are playing in water fountains
a man wearing a brown jacket and gray hat stands with his eyes closed in a crowd of people outdoors .
a young boy is sitting on a fence with a platter of food on his head .
two women wearing glasses one is laughing and one is smiling .
a man sitting on the edge of a tree lined walk .
two women are looking out into a beautiful forest from a ledge .
a girl is standing in a store next to other stores .
a cowboy hanging on for dear life while the horse below him simply tries to buck him off .
the young boy by the pool is eating an apple .
a hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall .
three people are setting up chairs on the beach .
a man in a navy polo shirt snaps photos at a golf course while a crowd of spectators looks on in the background .
a shoeshine man works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk .
"a person is riding a horse western style , and the horse is bucking ."
high school students watching something and taking pictures .
a boy and a man cross a river on an elephant .
a female wearing black pants and a green shirt jogging .
a motorcyclist with a puma fanny-pak parked on the sidewalk with the kickstand of his bike up .
a black and white dog with its tongue out is walking .
a man seated in a chair has his hair rinsed and washed by other men .
kids playing jump rope in the middle of the street .
a young caucasian boy climbs through a metal structure of stationary rings outside in a paved area overlooking a body of water .
three women in headscarfs look at something out of frame .
"dancers practice dance positions with each other , with some using a safety rail for assistance ."
the boy is climbing up a rope ladder .
the girl with the black t-shirt is out with a large brown dog .
men practice martial arts in backyard .
two cows stand nearby while a dog races past both of them .
two workers are installing a billboard advertisement for a sporting goods store .
"a blond man , who is wearing a black t-shirt is playing a game of scrabble and is surrounded by vegetables ."
"a baby camel going towards a woman , while a man takes a picture ."
a woman sitting in a brown coat holds a book and bows her head .
a man is walking across the street while it is snowing .
brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running .
the speckled dog runs through the marsh .
a police officer is standing by the corner of a building .
a dog chasing a toy duck .
two children anxiously looking while a woman scoops them orange water ice .
a woman in a blue hiking shirt looking at a black ram .
a person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower .
a baby plays near an overturned basket of diapers .
a man wearing a helmet has his hand up in the air and is shouting in a similar way the crowd behind his doing .
a yellow dog running down a sandy path .
a brown and white dog running through water towards a toy .
"street artist is holding a crystal ball , while an amazed viewer looks on ."
"two young children , one in striped top , running down pathway surrounded by ferns ."
dog running on narrow dirt path .
two small boys in blue soccer uniforms use a wooden set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized bathroom .
teenage boy riding a bicycle through a grassy field .
a woman carrying a white bag with a red star walking on the sidewalk .
man shoveling sidewalk as snow is still falling .
"a blond-haired girl is wearing a purple top , yellow pants , different colored socks , and shoes ."
people stand on a subway platform waiting for their train .
two little boys are driving past adults in their toy jeep .
a man on stage as people watch him and wave arms .
a black and brown dog is running through the woods .
a red car has rolled over on a dirt track .
a bearded man in a white shirt and black shorts is hiking on a woodland path .
three girls stand under umbrellas before a stage .
the brown and white great dane plays with two yellow dogs in the grass .
the two dogs are jumping around .
"brown dog , with green and purple cape , runs on grass ."
three young people sit outside and engage with electronic devices .
a young boy in an orange shirt is smiling as he runs in a city scene .
a man leans beside a cow in a grassy field .
a dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth
a man in business attire stands a street corner .
a brown dog is jumping over a grassy mound near to a lake .
two men look down at another man standing on an unfinished walkway .
some enthusiast climb a tower for a better look .
the family is walking in the woods .
a child in a red jacket is pointing at beautiful orange flowers .
a woman and a baby eating (having a picnic) .
a busy street with two men holding blue bags .
a oklahoma football player standing
"a football player wears a jersey wuth the number  "" 4 ""  on it ."
a football coach holds a headset .
a man runs on the football field carrying the ball in front of the ref .
a football coach watches a play being made .
the oklahoma sooners football team discuss their game while fans cheer .
two football players try to tackle a player of the opposite team .
a smiling dancer dressed in red is on the football field with fans in the stadium bleachers behind her .
a quarterback gets ready to throw the football .
a football player from ou talks to the coach about the game .
two cheerleaders are sitting at a football game .
a football player in a red jersey getting his knee looked at by another man
a man in a sooners jersey blocks an attempted uw tackle .
two football players attempt to advance the ball against a would be tackler .
the football player is trying to outrun his opponent .
the football player is running with the ball as a player of the opposing team grabs his leg
a horse mascot gives high-fives to some football fans .
football players on the field as a sooner tries to tackle a player
a crowd is standing and cheering at a football game .
a man punting a football as fans from the opposing team watch in the background
the man in the gray shirt has a blue baseball cap on .
"on a football field , there is a player in a red jersey and the crowd is behind him ."
an oklahoma player is tackled playing football
"the football players in red are attempting a play against those in purple , white , and gold ."
a group of men play a college football game .
a football player wearing a gold helmet runs holding a football .
two football teams lined up before the hike .
"two football players make a play , while the other team looks on ."
"a football player runs with a ball , chased by the opposing team ."
"the two players , on opposite teams , are in the middle of a football game , while others watch ."
a football player is tackled .
two football players are tackling one player of the opposite team .
a sooners football player is tackling an opposing player .
a football player in red and white is holding both hands up .
three football players wearing red jerseys are on the field .
the sooners quarterback is waiting for the snap from his center .
a football game in progress .
a football player being tackled from behind by another player from a different team in front of a crowd .
football player tackling another player in a football game .
a football player for the sooners stands in front of the oppsing team waiting for the next play .
the football player dressed in red looks down field .
the football player in red kicks off the ball .
the football player gets ready to throw the ball .
a group of footballs players is standing behind a coaching official .
the head coach is walking out on the field .
a football team doing their stretches before the game starts .
many football players sitting on the ground .
a man dressed in red takes a picture of a sporting event .
a oklahoma sooners football player wearing his jersey number 28 .
a man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left .
a young girl wearing a party hat is laughing .
a woman in a black outfit is standing in a hardwood floored room looking out a window .
group of people gathering around a parade float .
a person jumping in the air while holding onto a string attached to a large balloon as others watch .
a newly bathed dog is wrapped in a blanket by a caring woman .
a man and a woman wearing jackets embrace in a hug .
a man is wearing blue waving at a stopped bus .
young girl in winter coat jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
several people wait for a train .
a small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy .
a dog wearing a blue sweater holds a yellow toy in its mouth .
three infants wearing sunhats are playing at the edge of the water on a beach .
a girl dances like a man in costume
large furry dog walking in the sand near large rocks .
people walking along a pathway along a lake .
a girl with a pink striped shirt is walking up a set of stone stairs .
"a brown-haired lady in a red shirt and black pants standing , looking around ."
people outside in yard with two kids climbing ladder to tree house .
a man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd .
"younger looking man wearing black shorts and tank , with running shoes , laying down on a outdoor bench ."
a woman walking beside a purple wall .
"a young girl dressed in vibrant clothes , grooms the dapple horse ."
the employees of a culinary establishment prepare food for watching customers .
two young asian girls look off into the distance while standing in an urban area .
a man and a woman stand facing each other in front of a silver-colored wall .
an older gentlemen who is wearing a striped polo shirt holding a little kid 's  hand .
a baby is sleeping with his blanket on .
a man in a green long-sleeve shirt playing the violin in an empty auditorium .
the brown dog is running in the water .
two small babies are sitting in identical strollers .
an old lady wearing a hat and smiling .
a middle-aged woman is repairing a part under the hood of her car .
group of male and female singers on stage .
two men with red vests and green hats smoothing out wet cement
men doing construction on a road .
a man in an orange shirt and yellow hard hat walks on a road .
a construction worker siting on a green tractor .
a tractor with a shovel arm is operated by a orange vest wearing driver at a construction site .
two small dogs play on the lawn .
a blond lady in a pink shirt is singing in front of a brick wall .
three individuals preparing food on a kitchen counter .
a few people and cars out on their daily commute on a rainy day .
a girl sits in a car wearing sunglasses and a hat .
one man is standing in a red room while another person sits next to him .
a female texas a&amp;m tennis player dribbling the tennis ball .
two men in white shirts with matching logos inspect the engine of a vintage red convertible .
a man is banging on pots and pans in his kitchen .
there is a man walking with a bag in front of a black square paneled wall .
a small child on a blue toy is wearing an orange shirt .
a kid takes flight inside a multicolored balloon bounce house .
"an obese man dressed in only shorts , parking a red motor scooter"
three women are jogging on a path .
a small dog jumps by a car to reach a lady 's  face while another dog watches .
an infant wearing a blue outfit is crying with their left hand visible .
two senor citizens talking on a public street .
a man working on a contraption in an abandoned warehouse .
four men looking up at another man getting ready to do something .
a man walking in front of a building with graffiti on it .
a young man pauses to examine the image on his camera .
"a group of young asians are sitting on steps , eating and watching something going on in front of them ."
a small toddler girl in a white dress walking
a woman dressed in a buff or light yellow dress and fairy wings entertains children at a festival .
three men drinking coffee sitting at a conference table .
there is a child in a red and yellow toy car .
woman in orange jacket playing with a black dog
a guy taking a photo of another guy who is standing in front of a broken television .
a photographer with a red sweatshirt is inside a building .
four people standing in an empty building with graffiti on the walls in the background .
a man in a red jacket takes pictures of graffiti .
a man in a jacket jumping around a stick-pole on the beach .
a man in a kilt playing the bagpipes .
an elderly man and a young woman share a laugh on the beach .
two men play acoustic guitar in a public place .
a man is standing in a pond and playing with water .
two naked boys at a pool .
a little brown dog with a blue collar is being walked along a path .
people getting tired while travelling .
two older ladies are sitting at a bench as a gentleman walks past them from behind .
a little boy clowns with a colander on his head .
a boy in a green shirt is holding a picture of castro in the street .
a child standing in the grass with their arms spread wide .
a young woman in short leggings and a thin green sweater is walking outside in a snowstorm .
a large rock formation in the middle of a forest .
a group of people stand around talking with drinks in their hands .
woman drilling a hole in a rock covered in blue squares .
"two old men sit in the front of a boat named cyranka on a lush , tree lined river ."
a smiling boy kneeling in a forest .
a toddler plays the guitar and pretends to be a rock star .
two women holding fast food drinks are laughing .
a man in a red cap is speaking to a man in a black shirt and a man in a pink shirt with a shaved head .
three girls carrying large handbags are walking down the sidewalk .
a man with a headscarf is gesturing with his eyes closed while holding some kind of stick .
a meeting of young people sitting at a conference table .
a kid wearing a brown hoodie doing an ollie .
a young individual lays in the sun on a hill drinking a soda .
a woman in tennis clothes running to hit a ball with her tennis racket .
a young boy swings a golf club with an open field in front of him .
a woman with blond-hair is smiling and putting on a white sweater .
a nude woman submerges herself in a natural pool .
two men carrying a hot basket while a couple and a man look on .
a girl waterskis on an autumn day .
an orchestra and choir prepare to perform in front of a golden statue in a large building surrounded by columns .
two young children under a blue and yellow umbrella .
a person sits with their back to a column while another person sits on nearby steps leading down .
white dog with dark markings jumping to catch an object .
the boy is coming down the amusement slide on his knees .
children play with wooden blocks in a room with a view of trees .
three black dogs play in the grass .
a man in a black robe talking to another man with an orange backpack on the street .
a blond girl wearing a white dress is arguing with another girl wearing a peach and white dress .
a man wearing glasses is sitting at the table and checking his i-phone .
a group of people sit on both sides of a red stone structure .
two brown dogs together standing on the bank of a lake .
"a little girl plays in her toy house mansion , showing multiple bedrooms , and some other cool places to explore as well ."
workers are attending to a building with many windows .
a big brown dog sniffs a smaller dog in the gravel beside a body of water .
a woman and two little boys posing for a picture at a dinner table .
a little girl with a purple fuzzy hat is riding a tricycle outside .
a black and white dog is climbing down a hill .
a group of people are sitting in collapsible chairs near trains and train track .
a dog runs in a field .
a man stirring sauce with a wooden spatula in a steel container on a stove top .
two dogs fight over a green stuffed toy .
a man sitting down with his snowboard next to a woman standing with ski on a snowy mountain .
a teenage boy skateboards by a fence .
two overweight black women wearing work uniforms are sitting on some steps .
someone wearing shorts and a t-shirt jumping over white chairs .
a woman wearing a black top standing in front of and holding a microphone .
two children play in a yard with farm animals .
two men dressed in arabic garb standing in a hallway .
"a group of black people are dressed in african clothing , and they are looking forward ."
a young man wearing jeans and jacket walking down a street .
three men are standing on stage performing .
two women and a man are standing on a stage with a guitar nearby on the floor .
a young woman is holding a music player with earphones as she walks .
two men playing guitars in an empty room .
a small band performing for people in a nightclub .
a four piece band playing on stage before some people .
kids are partying while listening to their ipods .
four people wearing aprons and holding a mug in each hand are pouring something into each others mugs .
a scantily clad woman dances around a seated man .
a girl and a guy sitting on the ground while the girl is blowing bubbles .
a man on a ladder scraping some molding on a building .
a girl has her head in a wooden cut out of a pirate ship while people throw tomatos .
three ladies are together and one of them has 2 fingers exposed .
"several dancers with tight black pants , skirts , and colorful scarves dance ."
a dog is running and catching a ball
several people are dancing together in sync .
a group of singers auditioning on a broadway stage .
a singer sings in the evening at a nightclub .
a group of people are performing on stage .
group of people wearing white shirts and black pants dancing on a stage .
people auditioning on a stage dancing .
a row of girls dressed in black sit on a stage .
a white dog is running on sand .
a girl on skis in snow .
man reading a newspaper at an outdoors restaurant .
people in a crowd that seem to be listening to someone speak and possibly worshiping .
a mountain biker rides in the woods .
the little girl is playing with her shoes off .
a dog chases two geese .
a brown dog runs through the water on a beach .
a young boy plays on a merry-go-round .
two young boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt path into a body of water .
two women are in a bathroom and one has a broom .
a woman of asian looking descent in a black outfit standing in the airport baggage area .
the young child is sitting on the grass in a park .
here is a picture of a man with long hair in a ponytail who works at this state park .
young boy jumping off of a trampoline into a lake .
two dogs fetch sticks in the snow next to the tree line .
a little black girl wearing a blue bandanna with small gold earrings .
a man stands at the peak of a mountain and has his hand on a monument .
two young boys are playing volleyball .
a man in a suit is standing at a podium in front of an audience .
an important older man gives a speech to reporters .
a woman in a white tank top is sitting at a table with margarita glasses .
a girl in a gray shit is throwing her hands up .
"a woman eats a meal outdoors , sitting on a picnic bench ."
a mother is holding her baby in her lap at a restaurant .
a man in an orange shirt ponders over his beverage .
a man and a baby sitting on a blanket on the lawn .
a man with a beard and glasses sits holding a small child .
a man eats a waffle next to a baby
a sweaty short-haired woman stands in front of a microphone .
a woman with her backpack sits on a large rock and looks down over the mountains .
a mustachioed man sits as two boys stand on either side of him at the entrance to an alley .
a little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
two small boys are wearing red shorts and yellow sleeveless shirts .
two children are playing on a pile a rocks .
two soccer players both reach to kick a ball in a stadium full of people while others watch in anticipation .
man in jeans sweeping the dirty sidewalk .
a masked man in blue shirt and a tie holding papers in front of him .
a man with a camera on a crane .
a bunch of kids climbing sliding and playing on a really cool playground .
a young girl performs a one handed cartwheel near a small garden .
"this man is practicing kickboxing , where there is at least one other guy practicing as well ."
a man in a lift bucket is trimming tree branches .
a man wearing an orange t-shirt and a hard hat is working with the wood-chipping machine .
8 people are standing by a river jumping for the camera .
a dark-skinned woman in a denim jacket is writing something .
a man jumping over a cart at walmart .
a black and white dog leaps to catch a frisbee in a field .
two soccer players chase after the ball; one tries to maintain control whilst the others seeks to take it .
a guy and a girl talking on cement stairs outside near the bushes .
a curious little boy watching a snail .
a toddler playing outside in a garden with a coat and hat on .
a woman shows her spirit by wearing a team jacket .
a black gentleman in a suit is sing before a stand up mike
two people ride together on a black motorcycle .
a man wearing a gray shirt jumps through the air with mountains in the background .
two black and brown dogs are running through a field .
"five people sit inside some kind of public transportation , most likely a train ."
mustached man in blue flannel shirt and brown baltimore ravins hat smiles .
a skateboarder wearing a red plaid shirt does a trick off of a concrete ramp .
a man with a mustache grills hamburgers outside .
a boy in a helmet is riding his tricycle down a grassy gravel path beside a fence .
four little kids playing soccer in a park .
two young children dressed in red soccer uniforms are enjoying the game .
little boys play soccer outside .
a young child in his red soccer uniform sprints under the watchful gaze of his father .
two boys in red uniforms playing soccer .
a little boy in a red soccer uniform is standing next to a soccer net .
a young boy with a broken arm sleeping in a hospital bed .
a group of people gather for a picture while a woman stands on a post and takes the picture .
a student uses old planer to work wood in a shop .
two men working a machine in a wood shop .
a craftsman is sawing a plank of wood .
a man in blue pants and a blue sweatshirt makes a railing out of wood .
a man in a blue jeans and sweater is working
an elderly person paints an imitation of a painting having on the wall while sitting .
a brown dog chasing a yellow toy .
a man in a red jacket is bicycling down the road .
a man with safety ear covers working on wood .
a man wearing orange earmuffs cuts a block of wood with a chainsaw .
a man works on constructing the stairway in a building .
a man plays an acoustic guitar on a plaid bed where three others sit .
a store is having a book sale .
a woman is driving her car with two dogs in the backseat .
a young boy is playing in the yard .
"two women sitting down at a party , drinking large glasses of beer ."
some people smile at each other over some beers .
a young man wearing a yellow shirt and baseball helemt swinging a bat
man cutting into a piece of meat with a fork and knife .
a woman is using a ruler at a desk to mark a sheet of paper .
a dog weaving through an obstacle course .
"men are standing around , talking to each other in a room with a cloth ceiling and folding chairs ."
a group of men dancing outside .
a crowd of scantily clad people at an outdoor festival
a group of children in soccer uniforms chase after a soccer ball on a grassy field .
a dog standing up on two legs with something in his mouth .
a woman with short dark hair is holding a glass .
a guy is holding a red and white balloon at an indoor party .
four dogs jumping over a hurdle .
the white dog is running through white posts on an obstacle course .
a brown dog wearing a red collar diving into snow .
a musical band 's  vocalist and guitarist play center stage together amidst an impressive light show .
a band is playing instruments for a little crowd .
a bunch of people are standing or sitting in a snow valley .
a black and white dog jumping in the grass after a frisbee .
a small string orchestra plays in a church where a crowd looks on .
two men are each playing a violin .
a man with no short and red pants is laying down on a sidewalk .
a young lady lying on the ground near water relaxing while reading a book .
two young men and two young women wait for a bus on a japanese street
a lady is on the floor packing a suitcase .
people and several dogs in a swimming pool in a park like setting .
"a dog , nose to the ground , walks in a grassy field ."
"a male street performer juggles a brass ring using two sticks , while a couple and a male passerby , look on ."
a woman dressed as an angel is distributing paper advertisements .
people dressed as angels running down a street .
a woman hands something to a street performer dressed in a white gown .
"a man , dressed as an angel , holds another person who is also dressed as an angel and is handing a piece of paper to a passerby ."
two men in angel costumes jumping next to a woman on crutches .
"a young woman dressed in white with angel wings is balancing a bowling pin , while a man with a clowns nose is catching a bowling pen ."
woman wearing blue jacket and orange scarf holding up literature for crowd of onlookers .
a small girl wearing a striped shirt is eating an ice cream cone with sprinkles on it .
two brown dogs are biting each other .
a baby is peeking over the top of a blue playpen .
a man in a blue shirt stands with his hands on his hips .
"at the beach , a barefoot woman in a black skirt steals the red ball from a man in green shorts ."
a man in a white suit walking on stilts .
five people dressed mostly in white are jumping on the sidewalk in the city .
a lady dressed as an angel playing with children .
"at a mall , three women in white angel costumes entertain a little girl wearing a black outfit ."
several people with name-tags sit in blue theater-style seating .
three adults sit at the front of a classroom while one woman stands behind a desk .
a man in a sports coat is talking into a microphone .
some sort of council sits at a table attentively looking out at the crowd .
girl kissing butterfly resting in her hand .
some people are sitting in a watery pool beside the river .
a man with a hat kneeling and taking a picture .
the lady in the aqua shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a white bench .
three men wade into the ocean shore .
a group of men wearing similar clothing backpacks through the countryside .
a longhaired man surfing a large wave .
"three men , one in a blue shirt , one in a striped shirt and one in a white shirt are talking ."
a young man plays a grand piano while others visit nearby .
a girl flies through the air as a man stands with his arms outstretched .
a small girl jumping off on a barrier .
a rocker with a flowered shirt and tie holds a drumstick next to a shirtless drummer .
a man with stick in field with two dogs .
there is an older white-haired lady and a bulldog sitting on a tree stump .
a brown dog with tongue sticking out jumping over a log .
a girl going on a ride in a circus that spins around in circles up in the air .
a man in glasses prays with two other men .
two golden dogs are chewing a white cushion on a wooden patio .
two dogs fight over a piece of cloth .
a person dressed in black and red protective gear drives an atv on a track .
a young child in blue jeans sliding down a blue slide
"three women , two with tattoos , walking down the street"
the dog runs in the park .
"a team of baseball players in blue uniforms , walking together on field ."
a person in a wheelchair is on a sidewalk .
two men talking to another guy in a green cap as another man sleeps on a bench in the back .
a man in brown clothing is swinging at a golf ball with a club .
a child slides down a slide and into the water .
a group of people walking arm and arm across the green grass .
a man is throwing freesbies into the air and the border collie is catching them in the air .
an older man plays violin in a bar .
a woman is playing a guitar in front of a tree .
man and jumping dog perform frisbee act for crowd at outdoor event .
a man dressed in blue pulling on a rope that 's  attached to a boat .
a man is crouching down holding on to his large brown dog .
a man in a black shirt and jeans stands at a microphone holding a guitar .
a male gymnast is swinging on the rings .
"a little boy with his leg covered in painters tape , his brother wearing a superman cape ."
a dog jumps off a wooden porch .
a rider on a white horse is in the middle of a jump over a hurdle .
a black dog and a white dog playing in the street .
the lady is putting colored lipstick on her lips in the mirror .
"the man wearing a red shirt , is jumping into the air ."
two people travel down a path going though a woods with a giant waterfall .
overhead view of vendor selling clothes and apparel .
a woman makes paper mache spheres while her friend goofs off !
men clothed in traditional german attire raising beer glasses .
a white dog is following a black dog through the grassy area .
two girls running through pool while water sprays over them
the girl in the bright red outfit is skipping across the path .
a man looks through produce at a farmers' market .
"a woman in a pink scarf , purple sweater , green shirt , holding two boys , both in striped shirts , walking in a city park ."
two women stand outside with a young girl .
a woman holds a fish up that is connected to her fishing pole .
cycling team standing around in sunny tropical area
an asian man performs on a stage decorated with many lights .
a guy relaxing in a lounge chair in his sunglasses .
"a baby boy swings in a swing , with a big smile on his face ."
young girls stands on one foot on top of a rock while her hair blows in the wind .
a girl in a sports outfit balances a soccer ball on her head .
some guy stuffing his face at a get together .
a woman juggles in a public place while wearing an angel costume .
a man smiles at a street performer dressed up as an angel .
"a toddler sits in a bath , playing with a yellow toy and a toy dinosaur ."
a person in a blue jacket sweeps up on wet brick .
a little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose .
"the girls , all dressed in white , juggle batons in a courtyard ."
an old man with blond-hair in a blue shirt and brown hat is playing an accordion .
a dog trying to jump a wire fence with something in his mouth .
a man with a mad standing on a ladder holding yellow measuring tape .
people working together to secure a ceiling panel .
a man on a boat is using a large stick to push another boat away .
a person climbing a large rock with another person on the ground helping
a band plays in front of a crowd at a euro jazz concert .
a black and brown dog standing on a beam above water .
a man with a beard stands in front of a used tires business .
three young african children in a poor part of africa one riding a bike .
a boy in a surfing shirt is swinging on a swing .
one adult and three children outside playing and having a good time .
a man is holding a little girl that is wearing a striped hat .
boys dragging a monkey on the african plains .
"a man balding , with glasses , and a tan suit jacket , fingers the strings of the inside of a piano with his left hand ."
man has fallen off of a large white bull into a muddy pin .
the man in the blue is posing for a picture next to his car .
a man is wading in a river .
a young kid standing on a rock next to a body of water with his arms spread .
a boy standing on a football field with a colored ball .
a large white and black dog is running very fast through the grass .
a tan dog is bounding through grass .
"a woman , in a t-shirt and a skirt , leans forward in an attempt to throw a large sized black ball ."
a woman with thick curly blond-hair sits outdoors at a table .
workers wearing orange tear apart a cement structure with their massive vehicles .
a man and two boys jump on a trampoline .
a man with a beard in a captain suit with a bike next time him .
a yellow dog jumping off of a porch .
three people standing in a group at a park and one man reading at a park .
a group of people on a boat .
the three boys who are wearing life jackets are looking into the water .
a kid is trying to climb a big rock .
a boy baseball player in a green and yellow jersey leaps for the ball .
a girl trains her white dog with treats .
an african american girl who had just received a doll from a family who adopted her from the states .
four young children appear in this image wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room .
a person hiking up a hill in the snow with a dog .
a boy jumps into the blue pool water .
five boys are sitting on a gray raft in the lake .
a man working on a building three stories up .
a man in a blue vest sits perched outside a window with a paint can .
the man in the backpack looks to his left .
girl running through a field with a brown dog and a white dog .
a man and woman shop together downtown in a city .
a little boy kneels and prepares to throw a basketball .
"people stand in front of a sign that says  "" the deep end. "" "
"a young pitcher , wearing a maroon shirt and hat , has just thrown a pitch ."
a man wearing camouflage is down on all fours .
a chelsea soccer player (frank lampard) and a liverpool soccer player both make an attempt at the ball while the referee watches in the background .
a guy with glasses is working on a computer in his office .
a man in a red shirt trying jumping to get a handhold in a mountainous corner .
four men pulling a cannon on a wagon .
a lady throwing an object at a target trying to win a prize at a carnival .
two dogs are playing in the sand .
two men standing on a dock looking and pointing at boats .
a man with orange boots stands with a few other people .
a walking guard stands in front of an asian looking building .
enjoying a parade on a hot summer day .
person standing in the water by a yellow boat with an oar in their hand .
a young boy shovels sand into a mold .
a black dog with a brown muzzle swimming in water .
two women sit facing each other while one looks out the window and the other reads a book .
blurry image of one young boy being pushed in a cart by another .
a black and a tan dog .
a toddler riding on the shoulders of her dad
two women are looking into a glass case .
two soccer ball players are chasing after the ball .
six children running through a field of flowers surrounded by trees .
a man is painting words on the front of a sales stand .
two children climb on chains strung between two wooden poles .
an elderly person wearing glasses and an oversized gray coat is sitting in a doorway .
a woman in white clothes sits on the street .
a man sits near a bicycle while people make selections from a street vendor in the background .
a man pedals an unusual bicycle past a firetruck .
"a man jumps to catch a frisbee , while a man and a woman run towards him ."
"a group of people holding a sign that says  "" maritime workers say stop black deaths in custody ""  ."
a black dog and a brown dog with a stick in his mouth are running in the field .
a group of four hiking through a snowy forest .
a woman and a dog both with the butts turned towards the camera
a boy is blowing bubbles
a little girl is blowing bubbles through a yellow hoop .
there is a man working on a billboard .
a player fell down onto a hard court in women 's  volleyball .
a volleyball tournament that is sponsored in a spanish country .
a man wearing a yellow shirt and carrying coffee walking onto the sidewalk
two little boys holding up there bowls of food for the camera .
"two men , one with a black shirt and the other with a white shirt , are kicking each other without making contact ."
a young girl jumping in the sand on the beach
a shirtless man is laughing at his friend posing for a picture with a drink in his hand .
a police officer is standing in a doorway .
a tan greyhound wearing a gold shirt with a number on it runs down a track .
a woman stands in a field of flowers .
a man playing with a soccer ball as two others look on in a large expanse of grass .
red-haired female answers questions while sitting at a table for craftzine .
"a man with a red and white shirt and blue shorts , is jumping to hit a tennis ball with his racket ."
four people playing a game in the grass .
a man in a kiln sharing a snack with his kids .
many children playing outside in the grass practicing punching .
a boy in a blue shirt on a mound of mud
foods and beverages on display in a japanese marketplace .
a young child plays with a colorful toy outside .
a girl in a white hat is jumping to play tennis .
"at some kind of large seated event , a man and a child make strange poses ."
an elderly woman is making tea in her kitchen .
two girls pillow fight in a school play yard .
a small girl climbs a rock wall .
small boy in black shirt laying across bricks and sticking hand in the mud .
a couple of people struggling through a muddy pit
a man wearing a swimsuit dives into a pool surrounded by a screen .
a girl is sitting on a chair in a white room .
a man is sitting in a wooden chair in front of a white bookshelf and orange lamp .
many motorcyclists ride along the street .
a person with a fishing pole is backlit against a blue cloudy sky .
a man holds up a fish he just caught .
a man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field .
a small child with blue sandals rides a scooter near the beach .
a young asian boy running with a white and gray dog on green grass .
a little boy is in a bathroom holding a green ball .
a father and son are flying a red kite .
a man on the sea .
a young boy in red crocs and a helmet hangs from a climbing wall .
three people gathering and binding sticks or brush .
a man in a baseball cap is participating in a protest against ice raids in front of stonehurst elementary school .
some people are sitting around a fire and drinking .
a young boy with reddish hair and gray colored eyes sticks his tongue out .
a man carrying wood in the wilderness .
person on a wakeboard in the air
people practicing martial arts in a training hall .
two girls in karate uniforms struggle in a dojo .
a man is sky surfing on the water .
two teams of girls on the field are getting ready for the soccer game .
"a girl in a red , white , and blue soccer uniform playing soccer ."
a man in a white shirt and dress pants sits just underneath a stone archway .
the person is holding a picture in front of their face .
four people are sitting around a tv playing a video game .
"two men are staring at each other , wearing country-specific uniforms ."
two men who look very similar with beards are fighting over a waffle .
a man wearing a black sleeveless shirt doing construction work .
a man in a dark tank-top holds an iron bar while looking to the right .
a man in a black tank top is smoking .
while playing soccer girl in red striped shirt runs into girl in white shirt .
a man in a red shirt is learning how to climb a cliff .
buddhist man with glasses sits at highly decorated desk in colorful office waving around a peacock feather .
a woman holding a small ball chasing after a small boy .
a blond dog runs down a path next to a rhododendron .
the man fell asleep during work or class .
three people swimming in the water and one person on the sand is running into the water .
a hindi man sits behind a table with a bell looking at objects .
blond girl smiles while sitting on the side of the road .
a man sits by a dock looking at the water .
a girl sits on a rock wall while looking at her cellphone .
little boy kicking pink soccer ball on a basketball court .
a woman wearing a scarf stands near the water and looks down .
a burly man on top of plastic pipes flexing in a black and white polo shirt .
a person is flying with a yellow parachute above a green building .
children playing with broken office equipment .
three men pouring cement from a cement truck .
construction workers in orange working by a street .
there is a man in a light shirt climbing a rocky cliff .
a white-haired man is staring at a metal rod .
a man is laying under a large mossy rock in the forest .
a black dog splashes in the water .
a construction worker in a white hard hat with a tribal tattoo on his right arm working in a bent over position .
closeup of little girl dancing
a brown dog running through a pond .
lady in a blue shirt who seems happy about the paper she is holding .
a group of women is laughing while the women with blue top is holding a green paper .
"a singer , singing for people to hear ."
the six kids are in the shade of a leafy green tree .
a yellow dog is walking along a mountain trail
a little boy watches a ferris wheel in motion .
"a young , barefoot girl in red sunglasses plays in a sink ."
two children sharing a space that permits them both to maximize their individual aspirations .
a rock sculptor working on a rock .
a man is rock climbing at sunset .
a child in a black hat and blue shirt is standing behind a wooden pole .
the young child is standing in a martial arts pose .
two boats are being maneuvered down a quiet river .
two people in a boat paddle their way past large trees .
a skull of rowers on a lake .
two black dogs play in the waves at the beach .
a person jumping in a rock and treefilled area .
a teenage boy runs through the dirt near a house in the country .
people gathered at a med-evil type festival .
two young boys in swetashirts at a playground
two people sitting on a tree stump next to a stream .
women in white dresses are accompanied by men in tuxedos as they walk into a church .
these people are relaxing in the tall grass .
"small boy reaching for blue bar in play area , another child in background ."
"two hippies playing music in the quad , one even has blue hair ."
a man moving rocks out of a wheel barrel .
a man holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley .
two children riding tricycles are passing a pink banner .
a woman in red is sitting on the edge of a steep rock .
a group of people both adult and children stand around a bunch of sheep .
a man jogging in a marathon
"two dudes kneeling down on the ground , making a hand gesture to the sky ."
a band plays in a bar setting
four cowboys sitting at a table drinking jack daniels in the middle of a rodeo arena .
a little girl in a striped shirt smiles at a restaurant .
man wearing black shirt bent over using a saw to cut through stone .
a young boy and a young girl are reading a book together .
a woman is weaving with a comb in her hand .
a painter on a ladder paints the brick exterior blue .
"the blond woman is crouching in a field of pink tulips , near a grassy field and trees ."
"three lean , numbered , greyhounds race along a track ."
a man is riding a go-cart at the go-cart track .
a small sweets vendor sells under a tent at night .
a man is performing a physical feat as people walk by and watch his performance .
a group of girls sitting together talking .
four young kids have a picture taken of them while in midair .
2 girls washing a floor covered in soap .
boy wearing a red shirt standing on a plastic object and holding a yellow toy shovel .
a small child is chasing water squirts in a fountain .
"a man wearing a white shirt , black slacks , and white socks , in a resort hotel room , has leaped into the air to land on his bed ."
a man sleeps on a foldout chair on a sidewalk .
the flight attendant dressed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage .
two young girls holding hands and walking down a path at dusk .
a crowd watches a baseball game as a man makes it to the base while another man tries to get the ball .
a large dog is running on the grass .
a male in a baseball cap sitting on a wall painted black and yellow .
three black girls wearing white shirts smiling
a child in a jacket is sitting in the grass .
several men are standing together behind a railing .
"an older , balding man is sitting at computer with a reflective orange vest on in a work environment ."
a man on a motorcycle going around a corner .
a man wearing a blue vest and brown pants hiking up a mountain .
the dog tries to bite a big blue ball .
a man in a red shirt and a woman in a khaki shirt are standing talking .
a black dog is shaking water off his body .
the little girl is wearing a white t-shirt with a peace sign and a sea foam green tutu .
a man in seattle holds a sign begging for money .
two friends are walking down the street engaged in a lively conversation .
three men are working on a home improvement project .
a woman walking to work in front of a family on vacation .
a dog running on the beach
a man wearing jeans and a red plaid shirt stands inside of a phone booth .
a group of people on a sidewalk and a woman with cleaning utensils .
two men sit on the sidewalk with shopping carts filled with their belongings .
a medium sized brown dog jumping
a pair of hands involved in a task .
a group of people in a modern-looking casual restaurant .
from this angle you can see the tile floor pattern in this restaurant very well .
a child is running on a chalk covered pavement .
two white dogs running in the grass together .
two children walking down a path in the woods .
a man dressed in a jean jacket and black boots sleeps on the floor .
a woman about to eat in a white room .
the two women in the middle are holding red cans .
a lecture for a women 's  group .
two woman marking a paper while standing in a crowd of people .
three women looking at an object on a couch .
two men stand on a pier next to a teal colored watercraft .
a spoof drag queen dances on a bands stage .
two female cheerleaders are doing a cheer while being lifted into the air by male cheerleaders .
a man holding a bottle is standing over a grill .
a woman selling her wares on blankets on the ground with a stone wall behind her at an outdoor market
a dog swimming in a pond
a brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor .
a man at work with a navy colored sweater diving .
a man on a motorcycle does a wheelie on the track .
two thin dogs are running fast through tall dry grass .
a brown-haired lady smiles at the camera in front of trees .
an old man cleaning trash on the street .
a man in a safety vest sweeping up garbage at an outside venue .
a man sitting at a table in a restaurant .
a teenage girl with short brown hair knits with large needles and gray yarn .
a man throwing a stick for his black and tan dog .
black kid in black shorts bounces soccer ball on head at beach near water with another man looking at him .
three men working together in a field .
a child wearing a red eye covering is reaching out to touch a very large bubble .
a person is walking on a busy street while wearing a backpack .
a woman in a black dress and flat shoes holds her head as she waits to cross the street .
three children are pulling faces on a purple bench .
a mother is playing with her two children on a seesaw .
a man jumping off a ramp on a skateboard in a crowded park .
a young boy is carrying tire rubber down a dirty road .
a man making his chip set under the microscope
a group of children posing for a picture outside of a trailer .
a brown and black bull runs from a small black dog .
a man is doing tricks on a bicycle on a ramp while a crowd watches nearby .
local vendor in the city selling his product to city folk .
a couple kisses on a busy sidewalk .
people walk on a sidewalk next to tram tracks .
a man and woman garden together on a sunny day .
one woman spikes the volleyball while the other attempts to block .
a black dog is running in the yard
a group of people walk through a carnival .
a man dressed in a purple shirt and red bandanna smiles at the people watching him .
a woman wearing sunglasses and a flowered shirt looks to the left .
two people stand by a camel with containers strapped to him .
a lady watching kids play on a tree .
a crowd of people walking on a sidewalk in a city .
a girl with red-hair is jumping on a sand dune .
"a formally dressed couple , she with her mouth open , stand next to each other ."
some women playing volleyball .
there is a large crowd in front of a building .
a man is sitting on a bench and reading a book .
a group of people are outside a brick building taking pictures .
dogs running and playing in a grassy area .
a dog waits for a man to throw a ball into the ocean .
a boy spins on a park playground .
four men and a small boy sitting around an indoor fire .
a parent holds back her son from jumping onto the tracks .
a child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming .
a man is speaking into a microphone at a podium .
a man appears to be cooking up some food for customers in the street .
woman weaves while young girl sits nearby with colorful weaving all around them .
a woman with a blue hat on holding an umbrella with a large crowd behind her .
a yellow dog runs through the grass .
a dog lies on his back near a child reading a book .
three people gathering at a conference .
a restaurant setting inside a building where people are currently dining .
two men talking to each other .
a black and white dog jumps high to get a green frisbee .
a black dog jumping to get a soccer ball .
man in a green t-shirt on a rope line jumping from one rock to another .
a young woman shoots a gun at a target .
an accident involving a green sudan and a gray van .
a child flying a kite .
a little boy sitting among others in crowd with a curious look upon his face .
a small brown dog in the grass trying to catch bubbles
a white dog with beige spots is running through a field .
a man in a black shirt holds the hand of a little girl in pigtails .
a young boy in a blue and brown shirt plays in the dirt with a rake .
"room of people using computers , and testing technology ."
a man working on a bright orange machine .
three children play in the garden .
a young man in black casual clothes walks indoors past a row of computer monitors on .
a dog is running towards a ball to catch it .
a black dog and a gray dog run on the beach .
a woman in sunglasses drinking bottled water .
two men are sitting with their mouths wide open .
people are talking at an exhibition .
a woman makes a gesture with her hands while sitting at a cafe .
a man in ruffles pushes a stroller through a park .
two young adults stop to take a picture with men dressed in costumes .
a transvestite standing on a city street in a polka-dot getup and fishnets .
"the woman wearing a dress and hat , sits on the steps , with her head on her hands ."
a brown dog chases a frisbee
a man in a white shirt and striped tie making a speech at a podium .
a man in a suit is giving a presentation inside a building .
a group of woman standing in front of a blue sallie mae banner .
old people sit and laugh at a restaurant .
a woman wearing a crown on her head stands out from the crowd at a park .
a blond woman and a man are gathering outside with people .
a group of cheerleaders working and planning some of their routines .
three women wearing neon baseball caps and heart t-shirt are cheering .
two tan dogs play with a blue toy in a green field of grass .
a worker is working on the glass of a tall building .
a street vendor is reading a newspaper while waiting for customers .
a brown dog runs through the grass .
"a smiling baby wearing a striped shirt , held by a woman with gray hair ."
boy crawling through a cement tunnel .
child in a blue hoodie and shorts is sliding down a slide .
a girl smiling at the camera from a rope swing .
a young boy in a white shirt is kicking a ball into a goal .
children wearing helmets ride horses in a ring .
a black and white dog walking over a blue dog ramp
two dogs are playing; one is catching a frisbee .
"people eating outside of a restaurant , enjoying themselves and drinking beer and other drinks ."
many people are gathered around the city street .
a young woman writes a message in chalk on the pavement .
a dog leaps of a dog jump .
a woman is holding a baby as she writes with a green marker .
"a youth pulls on a cord while eating a sandwich , barefoot ."
a young boy wearing a cap holds his sunglasses while signing a banner .
an african boy sips on his spoon in a green room .
a man wearing a snorkel and goggles gives a thumbs up as he and another person speed through the water .
two women are writing on a sheet .
a line of people has formed under a sign while other people lie on the ground .
a man talks animatedly to a person in an orangutan suit .
a very happy boy signs a large piece of paper with plethora names on it .
two girls are sitting on the ground and one is wearing an animal costume .
a woman in white shirt and purple headband is sitting and holding a pole with white a cloth .
a boat sailing past the rising sun .
a man with a camera and a dog on a mound of gravel .
a woman wearing a yellow taxi costume poses on a street .
a band plays at a concert while the audience raises their hands over their head .
an old man is wearing a black jacket .
two dogs running through a low lying body of water .
a crowd of people sitting outside a building .
"a slightly overweight young man , with long black hair and a green sweatshirt , leans back in a chair holding a bottle to his chest ."
this is a young man jumping midair on a trampoline .
a man in an apron is testing food while cooking over a stove .
a woman in a blue apron cooking in a kitchen .
a white dog with orange ribbons is jumping up to see a countertop .
"a man with a cigerette walks past graffitti which says  "" where are you? "" "
a young man in a blue t-shirt is holding his hand up to his mouth while sitting on a couch .
a young woman mid-jump on a trampoline in a beautiful countryside .
child sliding down a blue slide with mother at the top of the slide .
six people are rafting in a river with a valley scenery .
a asian or chinese male singing a song with the direction of an asian or chinese female .
two little girls walk out into the sunshine .
emergency personnel tend to a victim who needs help .
"toddler in pajamas plays with paper cutouts of the letter  "" p ""  ."
two females standing next to each other looking up at the ceiling .
a woman makes coffee at a coffee shop .
the boy wearing the blue shirt is running on the grass between the trees .
a girl on wood and a man walking outside .
a crowd shot of people lined up in front of a theater .
a man with an accordion walks down the street of a public area .
an elderly woman in tribal dress weaving brightly colored fabric .
the black dog catches something green in its mouth .
a big tan dog runs through a grass field with his tongue hanging .
a little girl holds the water hose for the dog to drink from .
a dog participating in a race while wearing the number 6 .
a young couple relaxing against a stone wall .
two women on green chairs are looking at a book .
one crazy man does the bump with a car as a friend looks on and laughs .
"a bearded man wearing red shorts , a black t-shirt and mirrored sunglasses reclines in a folding chair ."
a woman in a yellow shirt is standing by food stand .
three pre-teen girls wearing sunglasses dance and sing in a family home .
sting is singing and playing the guitar before an audience .
a man in an old suit holding up a protest sign in a crowd of people .
a black dog carries a toy on the grass .
children are under a large fountain in the city .
a man and woman are playing on a subway .
a child jumps off of a swing while it is in motion .
a man relaxes in a tub of water with a candle lit behind him .
two men on a stage playing guitar and singing .
woman walking down stairs with little girl in an arena .
"a teenage boy is holding up a large white sheet of paper at an event , with two toddlers also in the picture ."
a little boy is walking carrying a little pink flag .
three young people stand on the street conversing .
a man in midair holding his bike 's  handlebars
a black and gray bucking bronco is attempting to buck off a cowboy at the rodeo .
a group of people are standing around on a street .
"bright blue car going down a dirt road , as onlookers watch ."
a man eats corn on the cob while talking to a woman .
a woman wearing glasses holds a mirror with one hand while drawing a picture with the other .
bikers stopped on a road .
a large group of teenagers are seated indoors in yellow seats .
a little boy holds a decorated cardboard box on his head .
"two men , both in blue , stand on a boat with a gun ."
a person eats noodles .
"a man is lying on the ground , laughing , during a ballgame ."
a man playing cricket
a man and a dog on rocks on a beach .
three people discuss the setting up process for a social event .
a man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation .
a woman holds a baby while another child looks on .
a man in pink is chewing a toothpick on the subway .
a girl in a red skirt with some hula hoops
three young girls and two blond women are jumping rope on the beech .
a race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance .
a man in a sleeveless blue shirt and athletic pants punches a punching bag .
the drenched dog is swimming .
people sitting outside with a big tree on the left side .
two women are fighting in a martial arts tournament .
a teenage boy in a white shirt is speaking to a group of teenagers who are sitting at picnic tables in front of a park .
a dog swims through the water .
"this is a child , dressed in red and blue , swinging on a swing ."
a woman looking outside through a window .
a man in a white t-shirt jumping something on his yellow bike .
a bridal party poses for a group picture .
a group of people in the grass while one person on the right sits in a tree .
an old man peeling carrots in front of a crowd .
a man and a woman are playing violins outside in front of a window .
small dog catching a ball in its mouth on a beach .
barbecue for three on the boardwalk overlooking the water .
a man climbs large rocks .
the brown and white dog is catching a frisbee in his mouth .
a group of people picnic on a grassy hill near the ocean .
a girl in a black shirt is looking to the side while sitting on a wooden bench .
a father and son are feeding the birds on a spring day .
there are three women in pink dresses standing up drinking out of wineglasses .
a group of people in semi-formal clothing dance .
several people are walking in the street and one has a cigarette .
a man in a safety suit training a police german shepherd .
three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them .
artist in courtyard sitting drawing with people in foreground .
"five young girls in front of a green camping tent , four sitting and one standing , enjoying a snack and having a conversation ."
a young girl is getting ready to hit a softball .
a boat carrying several men is pulled to shore by a large team of horses .
the young football player is trying to avoid being tackled .
a group of people are enjoying beers in the park .
a woman in blue denim shorts sits on stone wall .
a group of men in a yellow boat with their dogs .
a man throws a green frisbee in a park .
a pair of young boys in t-shirts are hiding in the woods with one looking aghast .
a little boy in a kilt is fishing with a stick .
a girl in a white dress walks toward the water and away from white boots on a beach .
a couple kisses in a shady walkway .
"american hat is with blue stars and red stripes , looks pretty on this girl ."
a man starts his day in india .
the black and white race car is rounding the turn .
six contestants in a very close bike race all in different color uniforms .
a brown and white dog playing with black dog .
a man stands in a run-down looking area .
a man is painting a yellow line on the street .
there is a curly-haired brunette reading a menu .
"a man dressed as a cop , has a fake vulture perched on his arm ."
two yellow dogs play-fighting .
a boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide .
a white car racing in the dirt and water
a red rally car taking a slippery turn in a race .
a yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch .
"3 people , one man playing a guitar while sitting on the floor and two people playing a game on a sofa ."
a young man jumps on a table .
"two high school basketball players reach to grab the ball , one falling to the floor ."
a man in a red shirt with a backpack walking past a vending machine .
a man in a gray suit is talking to another man in a black suit .
a man sitting in a boat is floating near a cave .
a man in a green shirts is sitting and designing a folding fan while waiting for customers .
a baby wearing a blue jacket is sitting in sand .
a man wearing a gray sweater and brown shorts cutting grass with a lawn mower .
a man all in gray is a living statue .
the little girl is sitting on an old bench and making a face
an older man sits among piles of scrap metal and tools .
a man stands on a grassy cliff that overhangs a deep blue ocean .
a little boy bowls in a carpeted hallway .
a young boy in a striped shirt running down a sand dune .
"two long-haired men with beards playing instruments , one a banjo the other a violin ."
a group of people are standing together outside as one takes a photograph .
little girl in pink is on a ride .
a woman wearing a scarf over her hair in the distance behind some flowers .
bag lady going through the trash .
a group of people is gathering various items in front of a fallen tree .
spectators watching white and blue race car passing by .
"little kid running into the ocean , with pigeons all around ."
a race car screeches through a turn as spectators watch .
"a lone woman in a hat is sitting outside on a bench , under a tree ."
a wet child standing in water .
three women wearing coats walking down the street on a rainy day .
a man trains his body pulling a keg .
workers clean the steps and the facade of a large statue in a park .
a girl running through uneven sand with some withered grass .
a white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass .
a girl and boy bounce on large balls .
a girl in a white dress holding roses gives some to a man in a gray tank top .
five people taking part in a discussion on a stage .
three children are playing on a swing on a summer day
a man in glasses looks at his electronic device .
two people huddled near the ground in a dark alley .
the girl with a red coat is walking across the grass .
a woman with a pink scarf talks on the phone in front of a pink store .
"rider in ceremonial garb rides white arabian horse , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels ."
a woman wearing a bright red dress and bright red shoes is walking on gray pavement .
guy with number 12 jersey throwing soccer ball .
a group of soccer players waiting for the game to start
six workers are working on the train tracks .
men in orange uniforms are in a tunnel .
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime
hard labor workers moving gravel on a rainy day .
several people wearing orange vests are walking along the railroad tracks .
a man in an orange vest is working with wires on a subway .
a construction worker is talking on the phone in a train tunnel .
two men in professional clothing and hard hats are conversing over reports .
two construction workers are working on a scaffold .
white man standing on scaffolding wearing an orange jacket painting a ceiling .
"a workman is wearing an orange vest , hard hat while tiling a building ."
men in orange vests work together to lift an object .
a man is standing in front of a large gear .
a construction worker in an orange vest is looking at a train tunnel with a kennington sign on it .
workers are at work under scaffolding .
a man in a bright orange vest smiles as a group of men work behind him .
a worker is holding a yellow machine on an escalator .
a man wearing an orange jumpsuit is working underneath a railroad car .
a man with an orange vest next to a train works with a handheld device .
two men wearing orange vest using an industrial cleaning machine to clean stairs .
two men with a dolly on an escalator .
men wearing orange uniforms and fake wings walk down a subway tunnel .
a group of workers at a train station .
workman on a scaffold are finishing a ceiling of a building .
two black and one white construction workers work outside .
workers in orange vests are working on the train platform .
construction workers are laying bricks in the median of a train station .
a hallway is littered with ladders and fabric during construction .
a man doing maintenance on the railroad tracks
men in orange vests are at work on a construction site .
a man demonstrating how a computer system works .
a balding man with glasses is holding a guitar and singing into a microphone next to his band mates .
a man is playing an instrument and singing .
people stand in the parking lot in front of a central market .
a girl drives a toy truck while a young boy plays behind her
a baby at the end of a slip and slide at a party
three men having a conversation outside of store .
a man in an orange suit is welding an iron pole .
orange vested men in hard hats working with jackhammers
two men appear to be having fun rollerblading down a sidewalk .
construction work taking place on a gravel railroad .
a quattro crane is operating during the train station construction .
a man standing on the tracks .
construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge .
someone waring a orange safety vest standing on a railroad bridge .
four men wearing orange vests and white helmets are working on a railway track .
workers wearing orange vests are at a station
the back of a train worker in an orange vest and jeans at the kilburn station platform .
workers in bright orange vests on the railway platform .
a group of workers in orange vests are unraveling an orange hose in a building .
emergency workers with hoses lined up and descending down stairs .
a subway worker stands next to a car with several garbage bags inside .
construction workers repair walls of a subway .
construction workers applying siding to the inside of a tunnel .
painters on scaffolds paint the inside of a subway terminal .
many people in orange jackets are working in the subway station .
construction workers toil on in a trench .
many people in bright orange vests seem to be working in a large building .
a tram inspector in an orange vest inspecting the tram seats .
a man holding a hard hat wearing an orange shirt looks at the camera .
a worker taking a reading on a subway train .
four city workers wearing orange vests are working on platforms in a subway .
workers in orange vests putting up a yellow drop cloth .
men in orange vests and white hard hats stand on scaffolds working .
men in uniform working on a railroad .
men are standing next to some sort of hydraulic machine .
construction workers stand near tracks at night .
a group of people wearing orange coats with white stripes are standing together holding a piece of paper .
train construction workers talking to each other during project .
two middle-aged men playing a game in a park on a sunny day .
a toddler is petting the little white dog .
a man chases a little girl in a flowery dress down a paved trail .
several people are sitting around a picnic table drinking beers .
a crowd of local fishermen inspect their nets on the beach .
parents with young children sitting at a picnic table .
a young man is holding a little boy and looking at him with love .
a woman in a red sweater is sitting next to a man at a table outside .
he is calling his wife to tell he will be coming late .
a woman in a beige jacket walking in a busy subway station .
the family lines up for a photo at a wedding .
three young women and one young man singing in an auditorium .
a woman is holding a drink in front of a white tent .
a lady is taking a photo using a canon camera .
"three chefs prepare dishes for customers , one of the chefs is a female ."
a group of kids look out of a fence .
a man without a shirt climbs a rock wall with help from a red rope .
a girl in a black sweatshirt pours a bit of liquid into a small glass .
a family takes a ride on a yellow boat .
a group of people stand outside at night talking .
a woman in a red business suit sits on a step sharing food with a man in a leather jacket .
a group of men in golden shirts singing in front of a microphone .
a man in a uniform carrying a box exiting the steps of a plane .
three boys lounge on an outdoor basketball court .
a woman at the beach is sitting under an umbrella .
a man in an orange vest holds a large bird .
two men are standing on a sandy beach in front of the ocean .
construction workers are working in a tunnel .
walter lou anne kitty employees cheering in the success of creating battery powered locomotives
a group of people standing around in a room .
here is a picture of an asian woman drinking beer outside and sitting on a green bench .
a woman making a sand sculpture of a horse 's  head .
a girl is throwing a football on the beach .
"man and woman riding bikes on paved , fenced path near ocean ."
people walking through an intersection of a city consisting of a grill and pizzeria .
a little boy walks with a woman wearing red in a wheelchair .
men gather around a basket full of fresh fish as another man lifts the largest fish in the air .
pops and the girls taking 40 winks .
a young boy smiles at the bottom of the slide .
a man kneels on the ground while holding a banana .
a group of men in orange safety jackets inspect the engine of some sort of tram .
worker in orange jumpsuit and headlamp standing by equipment .
two inspectors in orange vests checking the electric doors of a train .
two workers are cleaning a structure at night .
a blond-haired man in a blue shirt surrounded by screens sitting at a desk and talking into a microphone .
an electrician in a orange jumpsuit tests several circuits .
a group of men wearing orange reflective vests and pants are posing for a photo .
the boy is outside holding a spray can .
two young girls making upside down cupcake shapes in the sand .
a group of women are eating on a terrace .
a woman in a blue shirt guides her dog over an obstacle .
a black and brown dog stands on a roof .
a young child wearing a red shirt swinging on a faux tire swing .
a child putting eye makeup on a another woman .
a white dog with a collar and leash is about to chew on a stick .
two boys cutting some meat .
a dog is splashing through water trying to catch ice in its mouth .
a man sits outside a building .
the silhouettes of men against a cloudy yet bright sky .
a young child is riding a purple bike .
a man wearing a white hard hat is in the middle of hammering a nail into a thick board .
a girl with a red shirt is running in the grass .
the baby in suspenders sits by a toy .
a man and two woman eating food at a local festival .
a black dog runs in a yard while a woman observes
a group of people sitting around a table with drinks .
"a group of people are gathered on the beach , one man is carrying a surfboard out of the water ."
two big dogs play in a room in a house .
a black dog is running along the beach .
a group of cyclists are looking at something on the road .
a girl in a yellow dress is standing on the pavement outside a store .
a little girl is opening a birthday gift bag excitedly
a lady in a blue shirt and pants is walking down a long hallway that is sparsely lighted .
a woman is waiting to cross the road .
a group of people in an outdoor exercise class .
"a woman dressed in all red is making a  "" rawr ""  face and a claw imitation with her hand ."
a black dog is walking along the grass sniffing at the ground .
a dog pounces on the grass .
two indian people are dancing at a wedding with flower petals all over the floor .
guy playing the guitar on a bench with another man watching him .
"a man wearing jeans , polo shirt and a baseball cap , fork in hand , is grilling meat outside in a fenced yard ."
a man and two children at the beach .
a brown and white cow jumps away from a black and white cattle dog .
a young girl dressed for a wedding amongst the bridesmaids .
a man in a tuxedo and a woman in a bride 's  gown are leaving a church .
two men playing guitars in a band on a stage .
closeup of young boy with his face and body painted .
seven construction workers working on a building .
a man in a yellow jacket throwing a yellow frisbee .
man in a white shirt talks on the phone while others in the background walk past .
a group of native americans sit in a circle chanting and beating a drum .
young boy riding a bicycle with an older man .
two men install a statute and sign on top of a tree .
a man in a florescent jacket is wearing a helmet .
one woman in a black shirt swinging very high on a swing .
a little boy in a red shirt talking on a cellphone .
a man in a navy coat leans in to kiss a woman in a cream coat .
the little child is wearing blue goggles .
the children play with sparklers at night .
a blond women in sunglasses sitting on a bench .
a brown dog with a tiny soccer ball in its mouth is standing on a blanket
an older couple taking a walk together .
a man in a lab coat wearing glasses and looking at a computer monitor .
a young man in a black shirt is cutting meat .
a man seems surprised when he got photographed while he was cutting meat in his kitchen .
a man in a cowboy hat grilling food at a campground bar-b-que .
persons of different races and ethnicities waiting to board a light train .
a woman with a brown jacket reaches into a cupboard .
2 people at a beach burying a 3rd person up to his head in sand .
"a woman dances by herself as many people , in formal attire , watch ."
two asian men and asian woman sit in black massage chairs .
a man in an apron grilling corn .
a girl hanging upside down on a rope over a grassy lawn above a city .
the elderly man wearing the white cap is holding his thumb up .
several people are exiting a commercial jet aircraft .
a man sitting on a ledge eating an apple .
woman in a blue shirt drinks while cooking over a grill .
a man with a ponytail and cutoff shorts is hula hooping .
a man in a rustic looking kitchen lays food out on the counter .
three little boys standing next to and on a fence .
a black and white dog is walking with a blue frisbee in its mouth .
a boy falls off his red bike .
two dogs both have the same stick in their mouth while they are swimming .
a man playing acoustic guitar in front of a shop window .
a large brown dog is jumping into the ocean .
two young girls wearing dresses and bonnets stand next to a tree .
a person is using metal tongs to turn a shish kabob at the grill amongst other grilled food .
"two dogs stand in a puddle , and one has a yellow tennis ball ."
a man walking a dog puts his arm around the shoulder of a woman with pink pants .
delivery man in a blue baseball cap in a school .
a boy climbs rocks in the woods .
kayaker is in rough water .
the rock climber appears to be stuck between a rock and a hard place .
a motorcycle rider making a turn .
a young man playing an electric guitar while sitting on the sidewalk .
a red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree .
a child climbs up the inside of a red tube in a play structure .
a redhead wearing a red shirt climbs on tree branches .
"at a little league baseball game , an umpire calls  "" safe ""  as a player crosses home ."
a woman in a patterned dress sings into a microphone .
a group of people on cellphones looking at the sky .
a girl holds onto a rope above the water .
a man in a laboratory pours a clear liquid into a machine .
man in plaid suit shaking someones hand .
a black and brown dog is running on the beach .
three children are playing soccer in the sand .
a girl is looking over a boy 's  shoulder as he reads a book .
a woman in blue pants is rock climbing .
a small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair .
a woman in blue sweatpants is leaning against her backpack in the forest .
a woman with white hair chisels at an uncompleted sculpture .
a young boy tilted forward in a child 's  swing .
a group of people playing a game with a tennis ball on a beach .
two dogs running through grass next to a street .
a brown dog running in field of long green grass .
a little league boy making a hit .
"a young , left handed batter in baseball the moment after he made a hit with a catcher nearby and a crowd in the background ."
little girl about to cool down in her pool .
a young girl with glasses sits and holds two american flags .
kids in helmets play hockey outside .
two men in baseball hats selling asparagus and other vegetables from an outdoor stand to a woman carrying a green bag .
a brown dog is jumping through a field .
a man in a number 11 shirt ready to play soccer in the soccer field with thousands of people watching .
there are many people wearing helmets riding on bikes .
a man in an orange safety vest is walking towards some buildings .
three dogs racing madly around a racetrack .
"young man dressed in black with white tennis shoes , lying on a large gray stone ."
dark colored mercury car parked in front of pnc bank .
a young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool .
a young boy wearing a yellow shirt walking on the beach carrying a surfboard
three kites are in the air in front of a mountain range .
a girl is practicing her serve in the parking lot .
four women in similar red outfits are singing and using drums as they perform .
farmer 's  selling preserves out of a van .
closeup of dog in profile with mouth open .
two children lay in the grass .
people looking at clothes and other items at an outside market .
a black dog standing in the water .
a person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath .
five men are standing in a boat .
a young barefooted girl leaps in the air while playing a toy guitar .
a man playing with a ball toy with his brown dog .
a woman dressed in black and white smokes a cigarette in a grassy area .
a black dog soaked in liquid jumping to the grass .
a girl bounces in a harness with a building in the background .
the baby sits on the sandy beach .
a man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park .
two dogs walking along dirt path .
"a boy in an orange  "" spring hill ""  ball team uniform , pitching the ball ."
a boy in a pool wearing spiderman floaties .
a woman playing with play equipment while a child looks on .
an asian man sitting on a city street .
several people are standing and sitting on a grassy field watching a dog jump over a man to catch an orange frisbee .
a brown and white dog is running across the grass .
a man in denim shorts and a straw hat is fishing off of the rocks .
"a martial arts class takes place in ourense , spain ."
a young boy and girl are sleeping in a bed .
a little boy sits on concrete wall by the ocean .
a man in a rice hat is carrying a lot of objects .
swimming instructors show young girls how to float .
four women in red bathing suits are performing in the water as a crowd of people watch .
a little boy in hawaiian shorts plays in a sprinkler .
a guy in a black leather motorcycle suit an helmet on a silver motorcycle .
a crowd of people enjoying the sunshine in a plaza .
a woman pushes a man in a wheelchair; in the background is an arch .
people are walking through a crowded street .
a young boy plays in the fountains shooting up from the ground .
two dogs run in the water .
a baby is holding a cup and playing with a toy watering can .
a small dog plays in the grass .
a white-haired man lays down his cane and hat and rests next to a tree .
the suspended painter is painting a wall .
a group of young teenagers try to catch an object in an outdoor alley .
three men outside on the patio of a building .
a girl kneels on a round fountain that sprays water into the air .
a young boy climbs the rock wall .
the three black dogs are swimming very close to each other .
a man looks over a railing into the water .
a young girl chasing bubbles while running on a slate brick sidewalk .
a happy young couple having a glass of whine and talking .
two ladies seated at a table share a laugh .
women holds up two caricature portraits of herself while at dinner .
a person dressed in all blue walks down a road with tall trees on either side .
a man drawing a picture of two women .
a man with a hand injury is walking with a cane in a park .
two dogs face each other in a field
a man in a green shirt is standing between two cars holding up 3 fingers .
"caucasian female in a black dress , near an old wooden fence ."
two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show .
a cement truck pours cement on the street .
"a child , sitting at a table , holds a sandwich in her hands and is crying ."
people sitting or standing on a bus .
a middle-aged married guy in a yellow shirt is sweating and playing a brown guitar
a runner is being chased by a man in a penguin costume .
two dogs run through shallow water in a bay .
"a big , red tractor , pulls a flatbed along a dirt road ."
there is a large group of people standing in grass with most of them holding their hands in the air .
a man running barefoot on the grass .
the two gray dogs are trying to get a red object .
a passerby and a sidewalk construction worker .
a woman wearing shorts holds a baby amongst a crowd of mostly children outside in a large fountain .
two asian girls are performing in costumes .
a woman is riding a bike through a busy marketplace .
a man is being lifted by another man in a asian martial arts move .
two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues .
two dogs bark behind a fence .
a young child runs down a gravel road covered with dead leaves .
a man is in a barber 's  shop getting a haircut .
"a man is standing beside a large , colorful birdcage containing birds ."
two african-american children read a book .
three people are standing in an aisle between two shelving units stacked with books .
a blond woman trying on some heels in a shoe store .
a white woman sits and reads while surrounded by six young black children .
building with blacks sitting outside in a third world country .
a woman in a green shirt standing at a podium .
a woman with brown hair is smiling and is wearing a convention-type badge .
a woman in a black suit stands smiling in front of another woman in a red jacket .
a group of walkers looking at a store display .
a man with a yellow shirt standing behind a black podium .
laura bush speaking at a conference on global literacy .
women in african garb sit outside while one in western wear walks past .
african americans sitting on chairs in a classroom .
a man is talking while two people are near him .
twelve children are sitting on the ground .
there are many children having fun at a party .
a young girl cleans the ground with a rag .
a mom is sitting down outside on a chair while holding her daughter in her lap .
a child in a swing .
"a young african american boy sitting on a wooden bench in a library , looking through a book ."
they are writing while wearing blue .
three dogs run away from a patch of non-grassy surface leaving one another dog behind .
a man and woman facing each other on a bench .
two brown couches facing each other across a coffee table piled with newspapers and magazines .
people walking on dirt road with two trucks
a man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background .
a group of people sits in the shade under a tree .
two men in uniform hold up sign with young children .
a young girl wearing blue is jumping in the air .
a white dog is running down a path between bushes .
the dog walks in the shallow water .
a gray-haired man with glasses is sitting on a large bench with his legs stretched out .
a large woman stands in the street .
woman in pink goes for a stroll through a field .
a man in a quilted jacket seen from behind stands in front of a wicker chair .
"six young boys , one african american , one latino , and the others caucasian , are standing in front of a chain link fence wearing various types of clothing , five of them are holding their ears ."
two male twins are folding a blue towel together .
a group of men sitting on the floor of a windowless room .
small boys in sports jerseys play with a yellow ball .
a young man is shaving off his beard using shaving foam and a razor .
several people are sitting inside a dark art gallery .
a professional athlete is stepping up to the plate to make a swing at the ball .
two dogs playing with a stick in the water .
a man in a yellow shirt and khaki shorts is balancing on a metal chain .
a man fills up an old bucket with sand .
a toddler in a light blue overall sits at the top of a red plastic slide .
steers and man enjoying a day at the beach .
native man fishing in a dugout canoe on a blue green bay .
a man is playing a harmonica in a restaurant facing you .
a man with many tattoos and body piercings is swallowing a sword in a performance at an outdoor festival .
a man is mixing something in a very large bowl .
a man in a striped shirt is playing guitar for several people standing around him .
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers .
"a man , wearing a blue shirt , is wearing headphones and working with sound equipment ."
a policeman looks at an advertisement in a window
a boy in blue soccer shirt and shorts stands watching two other children play soccer .
a little girl in a pink shirt about to cry
a mountain biker in red is riding on a woodland path .
four people are looking through a fence .
cowboy in blue and red pants getting bucked off a horse .
a white dog running through the grass .
a woman is outside looking over the ocean as the sun sets .
the man races his bike down the hill .
a happy gay couple taking a walk through a park .
five asian people sitting around a round table .
people hang upside down as a roller coaster executes a spiral loop-the-loop .
a woman holds a line on a sailboat .
this dog is jumping through the water .
furniture inside and outside of a moving truck .
a small child in an izod shirt holds a cellphone to her ear .
soldier sitting on top of jeep holding a machine gun and soldier sitting inside .
a group of five police officers on motorcycles are riding on a city street .
a boy wearing a birthday hat plays in a puddle .
a football player running with the ball during a game .
a man repairs a glider on a sunny day .
"four men are performing work in a dirt lot , near a building , using a dump truck ."
a person in an orange helmet is skateboarding on a ramp .
a man in a brown shirt is holding a blue hat above his head and a red hat on his elbow .
an outdoor festival seems to be taking place .
a younger man with glasses is sitting on a patch of grass next to other people .
this youngster says the rock climbing is a snap !
a man in a questionable bottom wheels his grocery cart across a gathering in the street .
a man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance .
a group of people who are naked and riding bikes in the streets .
a white man on a phone sits at a very messy desk .
a man in a red button-down shirt is teaching a class in a classroom with blue painted walls .
a teacher is fixing a little student 's  hair .
a boy with a blue helmet and gray pants is rock-climbing .
two construction workers are wearing hard hats and orange vests .
construction workers dressed in safety vests and hard hats inspect their work .
man standing next to a speeding train looking at his cellphone .
a youth is kicking a soccer ball in an empty brick area .
a man playing ball at sunset .
a small dog barks at a brown and white cow .
a group of men standing outside a pizza place .
a small dog jumping up to meet a yellow soccer ball .
a man in blue and yellow shorts holds his hand over water .
a woman wearing a white bikini top is being helped by a man to cross an expanse of water .
three people sitting in a room with a bike and a scooter .
a woman in an apron is holding a fish and there is a blue pot and several other ingredients on the table .
a child stands in front of a dancing wedding party .
"while seated on a bench , a man in a red sweater is conversing with a man in a purple cardigan ."
a brown dog jumps high in the grass .
there is a person standing on top of a stairway outside of a costco store .
a group of cars parked on a hill
two men at a concert are screaming .
a dog is wading through deep water while holding a stick .
two men with orange shirts pushing children in strollers during marathon .
a small boy blows bubbles through a wand held by his mother .
a young girl and two young boys playing with scooters on a dock during the day .
a young girl in a pink and white dress is hugging a graduate .
in this photo there is a young boy dressed as a baseball catcher kneeling behind home plate .
a little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square .
a black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth .
a woman in a green dress waits with her luggage .
"a man laying on a seat face down , possibly sleeping ."
an equestrian jumps in the air in the horse yard .
a brown dog gets wet in the water .
three young boys flash signs with their hands and smile .
"two men and a lady are walking down a country road with a beer , orange juice , and electronic device ."
some people are eating at a food court .
a little girl in a white dress and no shoes walks down a dirt road in america .
an adult is pulling a child out of a ball pit .
the man is throwing a tennis ball for the brown dog to fetch .
people are riding the cyclone thrill ride at the coney island amusement park .
a young girl in a pink shirt is holding a pair of headphones .
girl is waiting for the ball to come down as she plays tennis .
two boys play with a hula hoop in the yard .
a young man sits on the side of the road with his belongings .
"a man and woman sit holding a sign reading  "" it 's  a nice day for a gay wedding. "" "
a little boy takes a picture at the park .
a black man wearing a white suit and hat is holding a paper cup .
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand .
two girls are in a sack race .
three women standing near a busy intersection .
a black and white dog looks back while walking on the beach .
a european farmer is putting hay down to keep the river from eroding .
two groups of people sitting at a booth in a dinner .
three women jump simultaneously by a seaside town .
a little girl holding a frilly white dress out for the other little girl to examine .
people watching tv while eating .
a young girl in front of a library runs through a fountain .
the beautiful young girl goes through the tube .
a dog 's  head is in the lap of a person eating off a small plate .
a boy and girl play in a pool .
a brown and black dog walking on the beach
a man in a white cap and shirt hand-paddles a small blue boat .
a smiling child hold a long yellow and green object while looking at another child who is holding a similar object .
a small boy in baseball attire swinging a bat .
a child with goggles and a swim cap swimming in a pool .
young boys practice swimming in an indoor pool .
child in blue dress holding sandal in one hand and eating blue cotton candy with other hand .
a band playing on stage for a crowd of people .
a girl in a pink shirt and a man in a white shirt are walking in a field .
a smaller white dog and large shepherd playing near two people .
"a man with dreadlocks , strolling along a street side cafe while strumming a guitar"
a teenage boy is performing a trick with his skateboard .
a man in a gray shirt stands in front of a stand with contains bowls of colorful powders .
a woman in a purple riding uniform rides a horse through a field .
young boys with backpacks walk down the street past a large bust of buddha
the family is relaxing in lawn chairs and having beverages .
a little boy with a dirty face lays on a colorful rug .
an artist waiting to sketch a person on the street .
a group of young boys standing near another boy sitting on a swing on a playground .
two women in white dresses stroll through a park .
a man with a cigarette and a woman in a blue shirt are kissing in a bar .
two men with orange vest leaning over a railing .
a dog hops in a field while another dog stands next to it .
a woman in a red shirt stands in front of a cow mural .
a black lab jumps off a dock into a pond .
"a stand with many different dry foods , such as nuts ."
"a family eats sitting around a table and drinking wine , with two babies , the mother , father , and an unidentified woman ."
people talking at an event in a park .
a group of people gathering around picnic tables in a park lined with trees .
"outdoors in a park , eight people stand close to a cluttered picnic table ."
a group of people on the side of a busy street .
woman in plaid shirt and skirt holding plant and smiling .
a girl wearing a pink hat is walking beside a sheep on a dusty path .
two boys stand in the surf .
"a young child enjoys playing in a car that features the cartoon character  "" barney. "" "
a little girl with blond-hair looking at the crowd .
a man kneeling by a bright red kayak with several kayak and canoe business signs behind him .
a tan dog and a black dog fight .
"an old woman at a furniture shop , a small dog is looking as she walks away ."
a man on a surfboard riding a giant wave .
the young boy flings mud at the barefoot girl in the pond .
a man holds a turkish flag out of the window of a car .
a man in a blue shirt and brown baseball hat eating eggs at a restaurant .
boy sliding down the slide with outstretched arms .
a man in neon green cleans up outside a building with some graffiti .
a little boy is posing on a stone wall outside .
a little pigtailed girl in a pink sweatshirt grabs the leg of a young boy .
a young boy and girl playing .
a dog bites a cat while they lay on a bed together .
there are six workers at a road construction site .
a boy is sitting at a table writing in his notebook .
a father and his child sitting on a bench at a barbecue .
a tennis player wearing a red shirt about to hit a tennis ball with her racquet .
a woman wearing a white shirt is holding up a loaf of bread .
two girls with long hair jumping on a trampoline .
a woman with a flowered lei is playing the guitar .
a man with a mustache and black hat holds a small yellow item up to the camera .
two black dogs are swimming in a pool .
a girl using a pink pen to take notes from her book .
young adult in a green shirt with red-hair writing on a piece of paper .
a young boy blows bubbles on a grassy lawn .
a man wearing a green headband is working on a construction project .
a woman in a green bikini is in the water .
people are busy eating on the hotel .
several people are in a room staring at a wall with projected images on it
several people playing instruments in a room together .
one boy pushes a shopping cart with another smaller boy standing up in it .
a child is spinning a hand helicopter in a field of grass .
a young girl looks at all the fresh produce available at the market .
"a red dog stands in a rocky shore , its feet in the sea ."
"two dogs stand chest deep in water , next to a stick ."
a large brown dog and a large black and white dog running together
two brown dogs play in shallow water
an informally dressed orchestra is rehearsing in an empty auditorium .
a young woman in a tank top and culottes is carrying a baby .
the child is holding a camera up close .
a man is pushing a stroller down a wet road with a child walking along side .
a man is sitting down while welding an object .
a family jumps into a blow up raft in their living room .
the black and white animal is in the grass .
a man in a red shirt on the city street doing a fire trick .
a group of musicians are assembled to play music .
two nude women painted black and white are riding bicycles on the road .
a topless woman is covered in mud .
a man a blue shirt cooking food on a grill .
an african woman standing near a picket fence by the roadside .
a man with a plaid shirt and green hat mows the lawn near the sidewalk .
a couple in a restaurant are holding hands .
an oriental woman who is wearing a hat walks down the busy street .
"a dog with a frisbee , swimming in a lake ."
a black dog and brown dog are running around in the sand .
a group of kids jumping into a swimming pool .
a woman wearing a brown costume and fuzzy black wings is riding a bike
a man is playing a keyboard with another man playing drums .
boys are standing outside of a brick establishment whie one boy starts to run .
a busy woman quickly poses for a picture while mopping the kitchen .
"a group of children stand underneath some banners , stretching their arms over their heads ."
an elderly man walking down the street unwary of the people around him .
a boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water .
a car is parked in a graffiti filled street .
"a young , blond girl in a fairy outfit is riding a pink and purple tricycle ."
a group of children running with a dog down a grassy hill .
a little boy with blond is playing with sand and a shovel .
two men without shirts are washing a roof .
two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people .
a tennis player in a white outfit hits a tennis ball .
a man who looks sad holding a tissue riding on a city bus .
2 guys are in a fenced in dirt area .
a lone swinger on a swing ride at the fair .
two men carrying fishing poles walking along the beach .
a man wearing a white shirt with glasses stirring food on the stove .
two women take outdoor photographs on a cinder track .
"two brown and white dogs , one jumping over a log while the one behind runs through the grass ."
"a man removes his shoes , sits on the bench , and watches the large fountain ."
a man and woman in black sitting at kitchen counter watching a woman in a red tank top mix dough on a cutting board .
people walking down a sidewalk on a beach .
three women are in different poses on a path lined by bamboo trees .
a man in a black shirt is reading the side of a bowl .
a lady in a kitchen is standing in front of the stove frying something in a frying pan .
a boy walking through chairs and tables at au bon pain .
a man in denim overalls rides a segway down a city sidewalk .
an adult holding a very young child 's  leg while he in on a hammock .
three women are sunbathing on a rock formation that borders a body of water .
"man performing stunt , lady breaking block on his stomach with sludge hammer ."
two white dogs run side by side in green grass .
two men working on a steel structure .
a large group of people participate in a marathon along a city street .
a group of cheerleaders in black and orange outfits are cheering .
a man in a blue jacket is up on a ladder that is being help up by a woman in a red jacket
two men in a construction hat and reflective safety vests at work .
a gymnast is bending over on a yellow mat on the grass .
children play in a soccer game .
"several women , wearing pink  "" energizer ""  bunny ears , point to the right ."
a black dog jumping off a dock into water .
fishermen work their nets closer to shore while a boat sits in the water connected to the nets .
large dog and cat staring at each other on a brick pavement .
a man is walking on the beach and leaving some footprints behind
a baby sits on a tire and holds a toy .
"rocks surround the feet of an adventurer , burrowing into an underground cave ."
an old man sits on a bench overlooking the water .
an ice cream truck employee is sitting on the side of the ice cream truck .
"a crowd hangs out in front of a pink  "" finish ""  sine ."
"a young toddler plays with his plastic toys on the sidewalk , while a woman with a shopping bag leans against a green metal bar ."
a woman and two kids wearing hats walks down a trail .
a beautiful lady is sitting at a table dressed up in a light blue dress .
people are gathering for some event in the city .
the little white and brown dog is swimming in a pool .
young girl posing with crowd in the background
a boy in a red vest and white karate outfit is sparring with a boy in a blue vest .
three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride 's  wedding dress .
a woman in a bride 's  dress is inspecting a bouquet .
bridesmaids and bride grooms are posing for a photo with the couple getting married .
a married couple pose for pictures on a grassy hillside on a cloudy day .
"a married couple looking out , on the waterfront ."
two people sitting in the dark near a blazing fire .
a woman is running in a marathon .
a possibly drunken man lays on the ground beside a busy road .
an older man holds a small infant that 's  wrapped in a blue and white blanket .
a man in the park doing some rock climbing .
"a young woman , topless except for paint or mud ."
a skateboarder doing a trick in the air on a skating ramp .
two dogs playing in a school yard
"at a brick-floored area near the beach , a middle-aged white man surrounded by a white family is sitting and painting a portrait of someone ."
a group of children are taught to use computers .
we pledge allegiance to whatever you want if you only give us a little food .
a female with a pink shirt painting a star on the american flag .
"a homeless man in a white cap is standing behind large , orange cones ."
two girls sitting on ground
people that live in slums are showing how they attempt to clean .
2 boys standing in a poverty stricken area on top of a trash pile .
"one man is sleeping , the other is jumping on his bed , both are wearing white and look to be on indian descent ."
a little boy and 4 turkeys walking
the girl is happily swinging on a swing outside .
skateboarder performing a spectacular stair jump .
"a construction worker is carrying two by fours , in front of a recently constructed wooden wall ."
a man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk .
a hawaiian man without a shirt on and wearing a pink flower in his hair and a green wrap playing an instrument .
a colorful parade in honor of photos depicted on a board .
"in a living room , a young boy wearing a toy stethoscope prepares to listen to a woman 's  heartbeat ."
a girl reaching down into the water while standing at the edge of a river .
a woman with curly hair is looking through a large display of purses on a table .
a dog chases a deer into the woods .
a man wearing a blue plaid shirt bites into some food .
an asian male brushing his teeth at a white sink .
a girl swings a young boy near an arched doorway .
a happy baby wears an orange life vest .
two dogs run in a field of tall grass .
a group of people sitting on a couch sipping drinks .
"a mother and daughter walking on the street , passing a man reading a newspaper ."
the number four dog ahead of other dogs .
a man in a black jacket with a white stripe down the sleeve is smiling .
two ladies are sitting and are watching something .
a well dressed man sleeps in front of a store window advertising books .
sitting youth attempts to follow instructions and complete a model
a person on a motorcycle popping a wheelie in a parkinglot .
a small dog chases a tennis ball on pavement .
a woman shows a dog with very long hair at a dog show .
"a man with white hair , blue jeans , and a white t-shirt chiseling an object ."
two men are interacting with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall .
an indian man with a big cellphone .
a barefoot woman wearing a tank top looking at toys in an aisle at a store .
a colorfully dress person is posing with a blue and white umbrella .
a man is welding without the proper safety equipment on .
a little girl is taking a picture outside .
kayaker in protective helmet and blue kayak keeps afloat in raging waters .
a person jumping off of a high rock .
a man in his studio is looking at his sculpture in progress .
a boy swings in the air .
a brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard .
a worker looks off into the distance while a china shipping crate sits behind him .
the gray dog has its eyes closed .
a young boy rides a red horse .
a little dog looks at a tennis ball in the air and a parrot sits nearby .
a blond child walks past a store window display .
two older men outside loading or unloading a trailer full of giant white cylinders .
a white dog sits on a rocky lawn .
"a small boy in shorts and a red shirt , airborne on an inflatable slide ."
police on motorcycles are escorting a motorcade .
"two men are talking , younger and older , while the wise old owl listens , in silence ."
a man with sunglasses on puts a chip in his mouth .
two men greet each other with a hug .
people riding scooters through a crowded street .
a girl in a pink hat looks out at a pool of water .
the little boy bends down to look at an animal .
several youths in black and white shirts and blue jeans walk down a street .
a black dog chasing a red ball through the water .
a woman irons clothing in a bedroom with hardwood floors .
a man in a crowd raises his arms pleadingly .
a group of people gathered around a brick building that has three men on top of it .
a young girl in a purple bathing suit taking a break by the pool .
a man in black is purchasing something at the register in a store .
a young man lights a lighter while another looks on .
two men hugging in a crowd in front of a brick wall .
a softball player runs toward home plate .
a small group of workers appears to be working on street excavation or repair while a woman and a man walk past them as a black sedan drives by .
construction workers pour concrete to fill a hole on the side of the road .
two men are working with a cement mixer and pouring cement into a hole in a street .
the person on the bicycle is wearing red .
an older boy with his arm around a younger kid under a sequoia tree .
a man making balloon figures during an outdoor event .
a toddler and a baby play at the end of a slide .
a man with a bushy beard and pink shirt is smiling .
a woman is looking at the ceiling while taking off her hat .
race dogs midair while they run .
two boys dressed in white capes running on a path in a field .
an old man stands in front of a rundown building .
a man with a backpack sits on a fallen log by the river .
two people standing with a naked guitar player in a busy street .
three guys r working with a big glass frame .
a dog with a stick follows another dog through the water .
am older woman in a black top intently reading a book at the kitchen table .
a smiling boy floats in a pool .
a big brown dog swims towards the camera .
a man and women sits on a beach while the sun sets .
the young lady with the red shirt is in front of the crowd .
three police cars are needed to apprehend a suspect .
a school kid starring at a lemon juice shop feels like he wants to taste that juice .
a smiling woman holds a cake near a man .
"while others watch , a young girl jumps into a pool as a woman reaches for her ."
urban tree worker pruning a tree while suspended by a harness .
men singing blues in one of the lovely orchestra episodes courtesy of shell corporation of america .
a child with her head in a cut out of a cow .
a dog is fetching a tennis ball in a patch of green grass .
a dog bounds across the green grass .
a asian girl waters plants next to the driveway as a lady walks past on the sidewalk .
the little kid is swinging in the backyard .
a brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick
the large beige dog is running through the grass .
"a woman , in the pink shirt , is playing jenga , while two young adults watch ."
a dog jumping over an obstacle course fence .
a girl in a floral dress cries on a sand dune .
"a man is overlooking a big , snowy mountain ."
two people wearing jackets are walking by a museum exhibit while several people surround the exhibit .
a young girl in pink pants waters potted plants .
a crowd of people has gathered next to a field of colorful wildflowers .
a fast running greyhound during a race .
an orange canoe aimed toward two other canoes on a lake .
a woman practicing martial arts in a gym .
lady wearing a straw hat and flip-flops watches the tossed object fly through the air .
three women and a little girl play with a small puppy .
a little boy in a green shirt is holding a large snake .
a girl sitting on a wall near white crosses in the ground .
a man in a yellow jacket rides a yellow bike laden with several packages on the street .
five little girls in yellow play in a room with toys .
a woman wearing a black shawl walking out of a building .
a child with a sweater is holding a pen in his mouth .
a boy in blue drinking from a cup with other children in the background .
a cow farm at the base of a mountain near a lake .
three kayakers are traveling in the water along side snowcapped mountains .
children playing a video game together .
"a boy catcher in a helmet , stretching out his gloved hand for a catch ."
a man stands looking in the distance as the sun peaks behind a wooden structure .
a couple sitting on a rock overlooking a valley filled with trees
a woman in a headscarf in the desert
a little girl in a pink bathing suit laughs by a pool .
a brown dog next to a stone bench .
a group of people dressed in karate uniforms are all kicking into the air .
"two dogs play tug-of-war with a disc , in knee-high water ."
a man and a woman stand underneath a brick arch and read newspapers .
a man in and england jersey standing in a grass field .
a child standing crouched on a tree limb .
a man heads into the shadows of an overpass .
a dog swims through the water while holding a stick in its mouth .
a construction worker stands at the top of a wooden structure .
"these men are caged , building what looks like a foundation ."
a child jumps upside down on a trampoline .
a child in a white dress is passing a table next to a pond .
a person is riding a bucking animal in front of a crowd .
two female performers wearing costumes are standing in the street beside a building .
a child wearing a hat and a white shirt sitting .
young boy cooking in a grill on the backyard .
a man leaps in the air on a snow-covered mountain slope .
"four females , one of which is a child wearing a mask in a pink shirt ."
a young boy seems to be enjoying himself in a park .
two men stand at the mid-way division of a city road .
a crowd is watching runners during a marathon .
two guys stand outside of a building that has been spray painted with words .
a little boy skateboards on a cement ramp .
a tan dog shaking the water off of himself
a gray-haired man is standing in the water with a yellow bucket .
a woman wearing a scarf on her head sits next to a young boy wearing blue .
two dogs are looking up at a person .
a little boy in a red shirt and baseball hat kneels in shallow water with a yellow bucket full of sand .
two small dogs chasing a red striped ball .
a child sits on top of a large tree stump .
little boy eating a red popsicle .
members of a band perform dressed in white while the drummer sits behind them .
a man is standing in the street during the evening .
a male and two female hikers pose in front of a mountainous landscape .
there is a toddler playing on a playground .
a group of people are sitting near the ocean .
"two small children , one boy and one girl , standing near a street vendor talking ."
a brown dog smelling a gray dog 's  tail .
a woman in a wedding dress is brushing her teeth .
a photographer peeks out between rocky hills to take a picture .
person in pink skis wearing skis on a slope .
the sun sets behind a bridge while a man rides a bicycle .
several people are walking along a scenic one-way highway .
a young child sits on some pillows with a green tray of chopped-up food in front of him .
a black and white dog bounds through a field .
a girl with short cut hair is cooking food on a grill .
a boy looks surly as his father looks at the camera .
black dog with black and tan face running through water .
a military member talks to another while on the streets .
a man with a scruffy beard passes out fliers near a few bikes chained to a gate .
the girl is holding a green ball .
an asian girl carrying a pink bag is walking away down a busy city street .
young man shows off by diving off a cliff in front of his girl .
the two small dogs run through the grass .
a woman with a white shirt walking down the sidewalk .
"woman wearing a black sunhat , black dress and black ugg clogs , walking in a city square ."
two young boys in suits wrestle .
an asian man and woman are facing each other and making angry faces .
two women are walking across a street together .
two men in orange jumpsuits are walking along a street .
a man sits with a paper in his hands .
the large brown dog is jumping into a swimming pool .
three people standing in the refrigerated juice aisle of a store .
a young girl places a small picture into a foam backing .
little girl with blue eyes eating cookies .
five people are jumping in the air for a photo opportunity in front of a fountain .
a group of young men hand out in a park with their skateboards .
a group of people are eating in a restaurant with a mural of a lady shopping behind them .
"a little boy , who 's  face is painted like a zombie climbs on a stone structure ."
"2 women on a couch , woman in white appears to be describing something in her hand ."
border collie jumps in the air and catches a tennis ball .
"a woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled  "" lucky ""  full of bills ."
a blond girl is performing karate and kicking through blocks of wood .
a person wearing a hard hat rides a bicycle on the street .
half naked man jumping into a body of water .
a construction worker pointing to an object or area not seen in photo .
a little girl is riding on the front of a shopping cart in a store .
a woman in a blue and white shirt is wearing a cowboy hat .
woman with dark glasses and ball cap talking on a cellphone
bird 's  eye view of a city worker walking on the street .
man riding the jal car in an airport .
a young boy plays in a yellow tunnel on a playground .
a woman with long blond-hair is reaching into the backseat of her car
a blond-haired boy in a red shirt and blue shorts painting on a canvas .
a boy slides down an inflatable water slide .
the girl in a dress is jumping in the air outside .
two women are consulting a shopping list while stopped at the end of an aisle at target .
"a little boy sitting outside on the patio , coloring a picture ."
a woman walking through a parking lot with no shoes on .
"an elderly woman sits near a small christmas tree holding an unwrapped present , and wearing a lampshade on her head ."
gardening is fun and relaxing .
"two women kickboxing , the woman wearing red is blocking a kick from the other smirking woman wearing blue ."
a dog drops a red disc on a beach .
four teenagers having a blast in a basement playing the video game rock band .
a woman in a red shirt holding a cellphone .
"two girls in a crowd are dressed up , one as the cartoon character wall-e ."
people are conversing at a dining table under a canopy .
"a bride and groom , wearing leis , cutting their wedding cake ."
male cheerleaders are holding up female cheerleaders on a football field .
a group of men wearing colorful clothing twirl batons in unison .
a little boy spilled his milk from the green cup .
a man stands on top of a rocky hill .
a dark-haired man is minding a fruit shop .
one guy wearing black shirt sitting at table working on computer project .
string orchestra and conductor in spotlight surrounded by darkness .
a man is barbecuing hotdogs while 2 other men eat in the background .
a mother and her sun sitting outside .
a woman is hold a child while he reads .
two men are having a conversation while sitting on the patio .
a group of people sitting at an outdoor table eating food and drinking alcoholic beverages .
the boy with his shirt undone is stretching his arm in the air .
a young boy in a striped shirt is leaning against a tree while another child sits at a picnic table .
the beach with a person in a red tank top sitting under a small tree .
"a red shirted man is renovating his kitchen , prepping the wall behind where his counter will sit ."
a boy jumps onto a inflatable water slide
a man is thrown off a horse while at a rodeo .
a young boy playing in a swimming pool
an older young boy and a middle-aged boy looking and laughing at a computer screen .
a child puts dirt into his mouth .
six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field .
a man prepares a kite for flight .
two women in tutu 's  and leg warmers stop for a chat .
children playing leapfrog beside fountain .
a young girl in a pink shirt stretching to touch a green balloon .
woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course .
we like this garden and we enjoy every evening in summer .
a man with a backpack is talking to a woman in a black shirt .
a woman is shopping for a stove top in a home improvement store and has found one that she likes .
a woman in a purple top and white cap jogging down the road .
a red-haired little girl in purple is fishing on a boat out on a lake .
a man walks on a low tightrope under a tree .
a baby boy is sitting on a beige chair next to a stuffed spongebob squarepants .
a man riding a bike on the pier .
a brown and white greyhound wearing a red number five is caught in midair racing .
a woman passing by the shore .
a group of children in a church basement play maracas and tambourines .
a black dog runs around an outdoor swimming pool .
one smiling person wearing a black sleeveless shirt is hammering a nail into a piece of wood .
a statue of an angel mounted to the side of a building .
a little girl and boy are sitting on a wooden box reading books .
a smiling man in the driver 's  seat of an automobile turns to the backseat .
a boy smiles and swims in blue water .
a red car is caught in an explosion .
a man is walking to the front of a conference room .
person hang gliding at sunset .
a flying machine with a yellow sail is landing with industrial buildings in the background .
people in a crowded city street .
everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing .
a child and her mother are playing ball in a park .
man in a camel colored jacket that is standing looking at the stone walkway .
a man in a ventilation mask is carving a knight onto a brick wall .
three men look on as two other men carve up a freshly barbecued hog in the backyard .
a man catching a fish off a boat .
a group of people standing and sitting around what looks like a town hall meeting .
a group of people sitting at a table eating and talking .
a woman wearing a spaghetti-strapped shirt and a shirtless boy wearing red shorts play with an over-sized checkers board .
a kid eating a takeout box of food
a man looks on while a child plays a game .
a woman wearing a dress is crossing the street .
an older man in a white shirt walks out of a building through a pair of wooden doors .
two children holding balloons and a woman are on a sidewalk with a car off to the side .
"a shirtless child plays on a  "" horse ""  swing made out of rubber while holding a woman 's  hand ."
three children are enjoying lunch on a picnic bench together .
a boy wearing a red shirt is shooting fireworks off a breakwall into the water .
a man bends down to light a firework near a lake .
two older boys in hooded sweatshirts lay on a mattress in a store as two younger girls look on .
a brown dog running over grass .
a man stands in his small boat in the middle of the lake .
a kid in purple is doing a skateboard trick .
a group of ladies are having a party .
a woman is pointing while others are taking pictures .
a gray dog with blue eyes laying on a bright blue carpet while chewing on something .
a city worker prepares to cut down a tree .
a group of friends sit down for something to eat .
a boy playing outside on a slip and slide .
a young girl in a red shirt hitting a tennis ball with a pink racket
a man sitting on a bench taking a break from construction work .
"a large white pipe is being lowered on a trailer , as two workers stand by ."
a young girl holds a crying infant .
teen boy practicing with a sword in a gym with his team .
a little dog is sitting on a person 's  bent leg .
a priest carrying a small blue bag walking down the street talking on a cellphone .
"a man pours a drink into a glass , while a woman watches ."
the boy who is walking is wearing gray shorts and no shirt .
a large group of people are hanging out on a large lawn .
a man in a gray t-shirt is shoveling cement from a wheelbarrow .
a man in a hat is digging near a fence .
a man cuts wood to add to the fence he is in the middle of building .
a man in a cowboy hat being stepped on by a brown horse
a man in a striped shirt is dancing in front of a band .
a baby wearing a blue bandanna is playing with a set of colored rings .
"two people rafting down a river , a footbridge in the background ."
"two people in a canoe float past a rocky , wooded cliff ."
a woman wearing a blue blouse and a blue jeans is riding in a bicycle
someone in a green shirt running behind a small dog .
the woman is wearing a purple shirt and runs on the beach .
"an elderly couple are sitting outside a restaurant , enjoying wine ."
a man in a red shirt and a man in a yellow shirt are crouching in a crowd of people .
a man hammering a nail into a beam .
two brown dogs chase and playfully fight with each other on the sandy beach .
a lady short-haired lady with a blank tank top is taking pictures .
a group of children outside a building includes a boy jumping in the grass .
two men under umbrellas at a yard sale .
a man is floating on a small boat down a city water street .
woman at the beach with a small girl .
two old men with hats are standing in between cars with their accordions .
a young boy removes his face from a blueberry pie .
a boy kicks a giant baseball while a group of children watch .
a puppy is getting dry with a blow dryer
a small child in a pink hoodie ascending tall stairs outdoors .
a little boy is jumping out of the pool .
a cute brunette toddler girl is leaning with her hand against the wall .
two young women stand by a red bull car .
a woman carrying a bundle on her head is leading two donkeys on a muddy street .
dad enjoying with his in the swimming pool .
a woman wearing a blue checkered shirt scoops food from a pot .
a small dog chasing a ball .
small boy is eating a lollipop and dancing in the street .
a green shirted man sits among the many unoccupied red seats .
a shirtless man is having a conversation with a seated man while a blond woman sleeps .
a baseball hitter holding a bat falling down .
a group of shoppers line the street of a commercial district beside a mountain .
a man sitting at a table with a hatchet looking at a broken mug .
a man rocks out on stage with his guitar .
a father pushes his daughters go-kart while another girl watches
one lady wearing a hat sitting in front of her house drawing portrait
a martial artist breaks ice with a kick .
one man lying of the ground in the grass surrounded by trees .
three women waiting at the airport with their luggage .
a dog runs behind another at a park .
"a child , inside of a store , holds a pair of tusks against his cheeks ."
a smiling woman is playing the violin in front of a turquoise background .
four men sitting in a room watching someone .
people in white shirts and backpacks looking around one of them holding a small camera .
two women sunbathe by the water .
blue crabs are being sold from a bucket at a fish market .
a cowboy and his horse both fall to the ground in an arena .
"a man , trying to hold on , as he competes in a rodeo on horse back ."
a young boy stands by a car that 's  being washed .
a man eyes the ground as he comes in for a landing from parasailing .
man trying to guide a kit in the desert .
a man talking to other men while behind a camera on a tripod .
man walks on sidewalk while talking on the phone .
a boy in a yellow raincoat examines a piece of food he holds in his hand .
a man with long hair is sitting on the couch .
a man in red shorts hits a volleyball in the air as another man watches .
a man with a backpack walking down a road .
people on a sidewalk looking into shop windows while other people just keep walking .
a girl is walking on a sandy path .
a group of people walking in front of a subway rail .
a group of people sitting outdoors .
"a girl in pink pants running , an ornate spanish ruin in the background ."
a teenager in a red shirt is preparing to serve a volleyball .
a woman is standing with a baby next to a statue .
a brown dog nursing
a playful dog is jumping on the sand .
a woman in a red shirt with her arm raised .
girl in blue sweater and holding a multicolor toy sitting on the shoulders of a man with gray hair .
a man in old costume leaps across an english street besides a peugeot .
there are three men wearing dress clothes and standing around .
two people sit on a bench as others in the distance move about .
a young girl in a plastic red firetruck at a fancy shoe store .
a man and women are rock climbing .
a young asian boy in a orange long-sleeved t-shirt holds a magazine .
a bridesmaid in a knee-length blue dress walks down the aisle with a grooms-man .
"a man in a yellow tie and shirt is making the  "" hook 'em horns ""  sign ."
a woman and man are standing together .
a bride and groom dance at their wedding reception .
bride eating wedding cake from her new husband 's  shirt .
"a blond woman wearing a blue and pink floral tie-front bikini on a beach , readying to put a flagpole in the sand ."
four men and a young boy are at a table set up for wood crafts .
a baby crawls on a wood floor near a bottle of water .
a small boy in blue crawls along a windowsill .
a man helps a young boy in a hat build something out of wood with a hammer .
a child in a wool cap looks at a box .
a man equipped with a chainsaw and protective gear is crafting a bird statue out of wood .
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .
a very attractive woman is posing in front of a beautiful plant during a sunny day .
an older couple is standing in a kitchen together .
four people are standing behind a balcony in front of a brick building .
a blond child inside of a box smiling
a green volkswagen bug and other vintage cars are admired by people in a courtyard .
several young men browsing in c.d 's  .
a group of children climbing on a statue of a bear .
an older gentlemen puts on a one-man band with various instruments .
a young girl sits on the forest floor and looks up through binoculars .
a woman rides a red bicycle along a river while wearing a helmet .
a native american woman wearing a colorful shirt works on a loom .
a black dog and a white dog wrestle .
a man climbs over snow covered rocks by a shore .
a man breakdancing on a tiled floor
a child is asleep in a green stroller .
a street vending area that sells foreign food .
a lot of people around a few crates of fish .
three tan dogs run after a tennis ball .
a young boy smiles as he hangs from monkey bars .
three children run on the walkway by the river .
this woman is taking a break after a long walk or jog .
a group of bicyclists ride up the street .
a black dog runs paralell to a wire fence in a grassy medow .
a dog running with a red item in its mouth .
children play in the blue and green jumping tent filled with air .
a man working underneath a train .
a man with a camera wearing a blue shirt and jeans stands between two tall buildings .
two boys playing in dirty water
a college student texts a message to her boyfriend while she waits for her next class to start .
elder men are getting ready to barbecue .
a big thin dog runs fast in a field of grass .
a group of men wearing red and yellow walking .
a young boy sits at a table and eats as food is spilled all around .
two workers in neon green shirts opening a utility box .
a teenage girl is wearing a brown hat and a jacket with hearts on .
this young girl is enjoying the innocence of childhood and warm weather .
"a young woman , dressed in casual , black clothing , is holding a sword , in battle stance ."
children in summer clothes play on a turnaround in a sun-dappled park .
the greyhounds are running quickly in this race .
"group of people walking around outdoors , one girl is being carried ."
this church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church .
a man is standing beside a train .
2 young girls are sitting in front of a bookcase and 1 is reading a book .
kids jump off a pier into the water at dusk .
a couple on the side of the road talking .
a small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole .
a brown and white dog swimming towards some in the pool
a man in a white shirt digging a hole .
children sit at a long blue table and draw pictures with crayons .
an older person and a young child walking together in front of a large building .
a woman in a blue top and hat is stretching or performing yoga on the beach .
a man wearing protective gear grinds down a large metal object .
a black dog in a flat field attempts to make a turn .
boys in uniform behind a ball .
a lady with a green top is rollerskating through a crowd .
a man sits on a bike attached to a column in the air .
a young man in odd clothes leaning against a brick wall with a garden in it .
a young girl enjoys a frozen treat by the pool .
a photographer kneels down next to the edge of a dock with his camera .
two men are looking toward the ground while one is wearing gloves and holding a tool .
a young man is playing the electric cello in front of a woman .
a man wearing glasses plays guitar in front of a microphone .
a man in swim trunks hugging a woman in cutoffs and a bikini top in a fountain .
a man with a bread looking at his camera .
"two dogs , one coming toward the camera while one walks in the background ."
the little girl has a purple dress on .
several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard .
a girl and a boy sit on the ground surrounded by plants .
the black and brown dog is standing with its legs apart on the beach .
a man with a cup sitting in front of a wooden structure .
a young topless man wearing sunglasses and shorts is holding a football .
a small dog jumping some hurdles .
"two men , two children , and a woman all sitting down near a stand filled with purses ."
three men walk together in a plaza .
a young man wearing shorts and no shirt is high kicking as water flies from his clothing .
five string musicians playing together on a stage .
three men in black suits looking at something in front of them .
an elderly woman with a cane wearing sunglasses sitting on a bench .
an elderly asian man in a blue coat with a cane sits outside a brick and cement older building .
people sitting outside under a green umbrella .
"a black dog , in a alley maybe , he might be lost , and cold , or hungry ."
man and woman wearing black walk with arms around each other .
"a young girl is sitting on the sidewalk , changing the tire on a bike while another young girl sits and watches her ."
a baby is in a sandpit playing with a bucket .
the young lady appears to be a mime among her peers .
"a fat guy in pink , drinking beer ."
a female in blue jean shorts and a black top sitting in a wicker chair .
a small dog jumps over a jump .
older man playing an odd guitar like instrument in what appears to be a park or open area .
a kid is playing in water in the street .
three men are headed into a building on their way back to work .
girl outside holding a pink flower that matches her top and smiling .
"several people prepare their stalls that consist of fish , vegetables and fruits for the public eye ."
a man wearing a blue shirt and hat jumping on one wheel on a fountain ledge
a man is walking through a building while holding a small child 's  hand .
the large man grabs a seat at a restaurant .
"four people , three girls , one boy , are in a boat ."
"a female with glasses , a brown shirt , and a backpack ."
eleven individuals stand at a balcony looking out at the trees and fauna outside .
a european couple standing in the street kissing .
dog and women with baby strollers crossing a bridge in rural area .
man plays fetch with his dog near a boat dock .
two little white dogs are playing outside in the snow .
a crowd of women are involved in an advocacy walk .
two kids are in a stroller in front of a fire engine .
two men in hats play banjo and saxophone outside with a hatted man sitting on a bench behind .
a young child with a gray shirt and pacifier is standing next to a toy horse .
a woman in a black shirt walking down the street
a white dog with black patches runs jumps through a spray from a hose into a blue plastic wading pool .
acrobatic entertainers with no shirts perform for spectators .
a teenager girl jumps high on a trampoline and a toddler falls on his stomach .
a group of people looking at a multicolored picture on a screen .
the woman with a henna tattoo holds a piece of paper in her left hand .
a group of people are ridding a roller coaster .
a guy in a blue shirt next to a man in a white shirt who is looking at a guy in an orange shirt .
the woman stands looking at rows of magazines .
an asian woman wearing a blue coat and pink sweater holds a silver bead up to examine it .
a bunch of people walking down a set of stairs .
several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table .
"older asian man , wearing orange robes in urban area ."
a man with a face painted like a clown is wearing a cowboy hat .
"the girl is twirling long , colorful streamers ."
an older man repairing a typewriter surrounded by other typewriters .
small little girls sleeping on the floor .
"right leg in a brace , a young boy lies on the couch while using his cellphone ."
people sitting and climbing on large rock formations .
three blond girls and a dark-haired girl try to sell decorated shells and rocks .
two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen .
a little boy wearing a brown t-shirt is sucking on a pacifier with his hand in the air .
four young boys flexing for the camera .
a young asian woman in an orange dress speaking to someone .
a horse bucks its rider in an arena as onlookers watch from bleachers .
an indian man stands among a group of indian people writing on a clipboard .
little girl wearing lots of pink playing with her bicycle .
few kids are bicycling around a path wearing shorts .
a white dog coming out of a blue tunnel .
a man in white pants walking through an arbour of people who are facing each other connected by their hands .
a man dressed in orange looks like he is playing an instrument .
a brown and black dog laying next to a colourful ball .
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool .
two little kids having fun at a roller coaster
a woman is black is pole vaulting .
two women in red skirts dancing for an audience .
man and two kids on a boat on the lake .
"a group of people sit on the beach , beyond a sign warning of rogue waves ."
two little girls swinging side by side in a park on warm day .
a group of people are sitting under a sunshade in a grassy woodland clearing .
two females in skirts walking on the sidewalk .
a blond woman in pigtails walks down the sidewalk barefoot with a green tube on her back .
"the woman crouches against a brick wall , speaking on her cellphone ."
a man in sunglasses is writing on a pad with his bike leaned up against him .
the man has a black and white scarf around his neck .
a woman in a red shirt and a man in white stand in front of a mirror .
a group of preteens walks near a river .
a man with a mustache holds two boys in a pool .
closeup of person playing a marching band snare drum .
a dog is performing act at dog show .
young boys playing the wii .
a baseball player in uniform who just threw a ball .
two people on a surfboard in the water
little blond girl stepping on a blue surface outside .
4 people walking through the desert .
a brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in its mouth .
a dog chases a bird in the water .
people skate in an urban outdoor ice skating rink
a man is skating on a rail .
a man without a shirt poses with his arms spread next to a woman .
a small boy wearing pajamas is flipping eggplant on the gas grill .
a group of adults be led by an older gentleman in an exercise involving a group-effort to stabilize a long rod .
"a young man in a  "" gigolo ""  shirt at a reception desk ."
a young girl in a red bathing suit is swimming in a pool .
this dog is running through water on a beach .
a girl is facing a wall with her back toward a dome-like piece of art .
three rugby players trying to catch the ball
the three men leaped in the air in an effort to grab the ball .
a loan runner participates in a race in the rain .
a woman in a pink shirt standing in front of a yellow building .
two adults sit on a bench .
a person with an electric drill doing something to a toy animal .
a man is smiling while holding a crying infant .
the man with a shaved head and nipple piercings is wearing sunglasses .
a child runs near some trees .
a brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard .
two girls look through a microscope .
a black and brown dog is running and splashing in the water .
soccer game with teams in red and blue .
a man in a white shirt slides through the sand towards a man in a blue uniform and hat holding a sporting glove out towards him .
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt
a couple plays frisbee in a green field with trees in the background
a woman in a blue shirt rinsing out her mop on the street .
"a man , wearing a white button down shirt and glasses , typing on a laptop computer ."
an elderly man is cooking hotdogs on a grill .
a white women and a black man in a red hat play fighting .
a girl and a boy burying another boy in the sand .
"a guy with a pink shirt sitting on the ground , drawing a peacock with chalk ."
dogs in the water with a basketball and a person on horseback .
"baby sleeping in a crib with boxes of matches , an electric drill and some stuffed animals ."
a black dog is biting onto a soccer ball on the dirt ground .
an excited boy playing in the surf with a body board .
the boy is wading through the blue ocean .
a kid with braces and a blue hat shows the bottom of his skateboard .
there is a chun kuk do tournament with a group of spectators watching .
"two women sparring fiercely at tae kwon do competition , while referee watches ."
a band performs on stage .
"there is a child around 6 months old sitting on a large elmo doll , looks like he is about to gum it with a sesame street book in their right hand ."
a beagle is climbing through some gray stairs .
a man and a woman in bathing suits hold each other in a body of water .
depressed man who does not know what to do .
a woman wearing a red and white gown holds a long scarf behind her .
three researchers working in a lab .
three kids run in front of their mother in a park .
three children are skating on a rollerskating rink .
a brown and white dog is playing in a pool with a man .
a sheepdog is herding sheep down a grassy path .
two dogs in a red vehicle looking at a woman getting out of her vehicle .
a girl is shaking the water out of her hair .
four young men sit on the floor close to a television that is showing elmo from sesame street .
"elderly adults and young adults , having a party and dancing ."
a group of people in a circle clap their hands while others are sitting in the background .
three young men are playing dominoes while an older woman watches .
a man in a blue shirt and sandals tossing an object toward a target while a group of older adults look on .
amputee standing from wheelchair throwing a ball in a seniors center .
a man in an orange shirt is holding an object and speaking to a girl in a blue shirt who is looking back at him .
two men decide what to do with an obstructing fallen branch .
a young man in a red striped shirt and blue jeans is bowling with a blue ball at a bowling alley .
a group of individuals are sitting in a room together and smiling .
men are working in some vegetation beside a brick structure .
a person plays on monkey bars while others watch .
two men are standing on the roof of a tall concrete structure .
"a teenager sitting very , very high in a tree ."
"2 people stand up wearing black at an old persons home , while some onlookers sit in wheelchairs nearby ."
teenagers are interacting with elderly people in a common room .
an old man is just dancing with a woman .
"two girls , one in a red shirt and blue skirt , are washing a red truck ."
a group of 8 teenager sitting along a wall holding a string .
two men involved in a mixed martial arts competition .
a young woman wearing a pink and green striped shirt with a white belt and flip-flops sitting on a cement step .
a black dog with a blue collar runs through the green grass .
"three children standing around a figure on a purple table , two children have white coats on ."
guy making a basketball shot with onlookers watching .
a man in a black cap is looking away from a woman in a black and white polka dotted outfit .
a man in a black shirt dancing with a woman who is smiling .
two men trading a sausage link with each other via mouth .
a man is bobbing for apples in a plastic bucket .
a group of teenagers sitting in a circle; the man in the middle is sitting on the floor and there is a broom standing up behind him .
a woman is organizing her food in milk baskets .
a woman has a many cartons of various foods outside and is holding a can .
"a young man in jeans and a red shirt , wearing yellow gloves , holds a tree branch ."
three people stand at the top of an outdoor staircase .
a woman watches as her friend goes for a spare .
a man holding a crow bar and wearing a masks looks up .
two girls help clean a dirty house
three people cleaning windows and a woman in a blue shirt talking to them .
a man films a group of girls in the outdoors .
a fisheye lens aerially captures a young girl with dark hair on the playground .
an older woman and a young man play bingo .
"a woman holds a  "" car wash ""  sign on the edge of a quiet street ."
a man in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in droney park .
some boys and girls are sitting down in an amusement park ride .
three children play in an outside wood structure .
a few men sit outside of an area with an open gate eat their lunches .
several kids are looking at carnival games .
two girls in denim shorts stand in a puddle of water .
two young kids running on sand towards a large body of water .
two males and one female playing in a fountain of water .
a child and floor covered in white powder .
two people with animal print pants laying on a bed next to each other .
a dog is running through tall grass .
small dog running in the grass with a toy in its mouth
two competing cyclists pedal past crowds of onlookers .
a man sits in front of a wall with art pictures on it .
"two redheaded boys with glasses stand on bench , play swordfight with sticks ."
a girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand .
a little gray dog jumps over a small hurdle .
a man is standing on top of a glacier .
a rider on a horse in front of a mountain range
a group of people in a bicycle race .
a man in a pink shirt rides a bucking horse .
a bull rider riding a bucking bull while other cowboys watch and wait to help him if needed .
a kid is sliding down a green slide .
kid in jean shorts uses a skateboard to jump over a cameraman while other skateboarders and cameramen watches .
two tall black dogs run through tall grass .
the woman is wearing a black hat with an american flag on it .
a woman walking into the waves .
a person in shorts is holding a frisbee while team member in red shirts and spectators look on .
a young adult in a black shirt is sticking his hand in an animal trap .
one man in an arena trying to stay on a horse for as long as he can .
a man with a mohawk smiles at the camera .
"several dogs are running outside , with two vehicles in the background ."
"three barking , howling dogs"
a brown dog in midair with a frisbee in his mouth .
a man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog .
barefoot people standing in water in front of a large piece of art featuring a face .
a woman balancing a sword on her head .
a black and white dog leaping through the air as two people watch in the background .
a man in a coca cola building wiping down a table .
a girl basketball player wearing blue is blocking another girl player wearing yellow .
man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean .
two people are scuba diving in the blue ocean .
two boys look through a window at an airport .
two small children playing in a kiddie pool with water guns .
"a large , towering city statue at night ."
the woman is splashing water out of a bucket .
man in a blue shirt and white hat cleaning a fountain .
a man wearing a black coat and red hat holds a camera .
a man in a white shirt is kissing a little boy as he holds him .
a large van drives down a counry road in the fall .
a marching band in full uniform is coming down the street .
a kid in a white shirt is in a tall tree .
a little girl holding an ice cream cone and licking her lips .
a woman wraps her arms around a man as he leans in to kiss her .
a man in waders fishes for something in a pool .
"a woman has two children to take care of while she is out , one is sitting on her shoulders and the other is sitting on her lap ."
a blond woman in black jeans is sitting on a wall examining her nails .
"the woman is holding a mug , and has sunglasses on the top of her head ."
a male taking a nap on a hot afternoon .
on the ocean side a girl is jogging in yellow pants and a boy riding his bicycle .
four children playing around a pole .
a black and white dog playing with a white ball in a sparse brown field .
a white dog runs on the beach .
two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other .
young boy with glasses playing in the sprinkler .
a group of women walk down a street at night .
a man looks at a sculpture in a large empty room .
a man with a shaved head and sunglasses smiles broadly .
a girl in a white dress and red bag talking on the phone .
a young girl and a young man playing a toss game at an outside party .
a red-haired boy wearing glasses blowing a huge bubble
"young man with a black shirt on , riding a blue bike with a baby sitting in front of him ."
a man is balancing a plate of food on his head .
a chef cooking some food while two people watch .
people stand on boat dock waiting for their boat to arrive .
a man carrying an orange bag walks past two british style telephone boxes .
two children fight in a square while people look on .
a crowd gathers to watch two men performing a brazilian dance .
several children standing in front of a building .
a varied group of individuals sit on a lawn in the summer .
a shirtless man goes for a ride on his skateboard while walking his dog .
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .
a boy with a mohawk and sunglasses .
a man and woman wearing sunglasses and white t-shirts smile for the camera .
a young boy taking a bath from a bucket .
a man with long hair tied back and wearing a blue shirt is playing a clarinet .
a shirtless man sitting on a rock by a blue building .
the two boys play in the field .
two people are laying in a bed in the middle of a department store aisle .
"two people , with buildings behind them , are standing near a blue car with two doors open ."
a german short-haired pointer rests on a rug by a sunny window .
"two large , black dogs are playing with a collapsed ball ."
a little boy is jumping into the kiddie pool in the backyard .
a child in a bathing suit plays in a sprinkler .
a white dog runs towards the camera as a man walks away .
worker dragging a rope attached to what seems to be a boat .
a lady with blond-hair helping another person .
three dark-haired people stand near each other with large buildings in the background .
i am going to a hotdog competition in coney island .
a group of bulls are running down a street as people run and others watch .
a girl wearing sunglasses smiles for the camera .
a guy doing tricks on a motorcycle .
a motorcycle rider stands on top of his bike .
a young boy is in the water at the beach .
two teenagers at the beach playing in the sand
a young asian man and woman seated in front of the steps of a small business smoking cigarettes .
two young boys play with a puzzle in a classroom .
one football player caught a pass while the two players from the opposite team attempt to tag him while he 's  on the ground .
a group of caucasian people lounging in a sandy area .
a young man jumps into the water from a floating slide .
"two women , picking from plants in an open valley ."
a black dog with a ribbon on is standing in front of some other award ribbons .
a man taking pictures using his zoom lenses .
a little girl with ponytails laughs near a plastic castle play set .
the rider throws his hand up for balance as the brown horse bucks .
"a guy in a nike shirt that reads  "" make some noise ""  tilts his head sideways as he eats ."
a man in short shorts is posing on a large rock .
this woman is wearing a white t-shirt and holding a cup .
a group of men are walking between railroad tracks .
a group of dressed up people looking at a brochure trying to decide what site to see next .
a man with a bandage on his finger is rock climbing as others watch .
a group of children sit on the floor against a brick wall while a woman observes them .
an older man sitting at a lighted workbench .
a smiling woman in a bikini in the air over a diving board .
a man prepares to hit a backhand tennis shot .
two small boys with painted faces are sitting next to each other .
a group of girls on a beach .
"two young girls , one blond and the other brunette , jump on a green couch in a bright , sun drenched room ."
a man in a red shirt plays tennis outdoors .
"man in mid stride suspended in air , about to swing a tennis racket on a tennis court ."
a musician on the curb side displaying his talent publicly .
a man in a blue shirt is read a piece of paper .
a man in an apron smiling as he fries food .
two women sit by some rocks while one of them holds a drink .
a woman walking with a blue umbrella .
"a young man is standing on an escalator with a camera in his hands , looking blankly into the photo ."
a smiling little boy jumps up to a toy basketball hoop .
two young girls in dresses stand together in front of a yellow wall .
a baseball player hitting a ball .
a brown dog and a black dog are playing tug-of-war with a toy .
this girl is plucking the flower from the plant .
"a group of people are standing at the front of the room , preparing to sing ."
a few guys dancing a ceremonial dance in a parade
a very happy baby in a yellow shirt swinging on swing .
a woman with a special type of bike looking at a baby .
a girl in a bikini running out of the surf .
the woman in the tank top has a tattoo on her arm .
mike holmgren on the field with his team the seattle seahawkss talking over practice details with an assistant coach .
people jumping off of a very tall bridge into the water below .
an older man raises his wineglass during an outdoor meal with others .
a woman in a red dress is looking out of a window .
"two little boys playing a game , one with his mouth wide open ."
a coach wearing a blue shirt points off-camera .
a man in a dog outfit is playing at a card table with a bemused woman and dealer .
a little boy is chasing pigeons on the street and a man is watching him .
a man and a woman are seen kissing near an open window .
a group of women hugging each other
a white dog catching a treat in his mouth .
a man sitting on a railing at a concert .
a lot of people are gathered in different areas of an old building .
a mature woman in sunglasses and a jean jacket .
a man is paddling a boat while four women are standing on a rock in a body of water
a boy hangs upside down from a metal bar .
a black and a brown dog running in the grass .
two boys are playing with two dogs on the beach .
a young woman with a blue mohawk looks to the right while holding a toddler 's  hand who is looking to the left .
a young girl in a swimsuit riding a toy train .
four girls prepare food on a table outdoors .
a man jumps in front of a palace in china .
a black and white dog is running in the grass .
one man looks into the distance next to another who has his hand in the air .
the mother with two son are swimming in the sea .
five children are sitting on a wooden stairway posing for a picture .
"in the woods , a young man wearing red shorts prepares to throw a frisbee ."
two football players run into each other .
a girl in a pink sundress rides a bike next to a white picket fence .
three police officers conversing rollerblades .
2 male camp counselors relax during afternoon free time for their youth as the director speaks of the upcoming evening activities
a blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field .
a woman in a sari next to a boy holding a red umbrella in a rainy street
two men are applying ceramic tile to an old roof .
a dog stands on its hind legs in a wooded area while another dog watches .
the black dog is wearing a lime green collar .
three men in vests sitting down near a pile of dirt with their backs facing a wall .
the young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk .
a young teenage boy is smoking a cigarette in front of an iron fence .
people talking in an asian market .
a child with a water gun being sprayed with water .
four performers are on stage interacting with the audience .
a blond girl is sitting drinking a soda and looking at a dolphin swimming in the background .
a woman in red shirt is singing .
a man walking down the walkway of a bunch of storefronts .
two large dogs running in some grass .
a man in a cap is trimming a plant outdoors .
a long-haired man in front of microphones holding some kind of musical instruments .
a man with slicked back hair and black coat plays a recorder .
a young woman is painting a guard rail .
a group of people pose for a picture by a metal guard rail .
a man planting some flowers around a pole outside .
a man and woman dig up dirt and have a plant near them .
people sitting in chairs with a row flags hanging over them .
the number of young children are significantly more than the adults in the dinning hall .
woman facing curtained window and glass cleaner while holding a paper towel .
woman in a blue dress with a purple umbrella standing in the road .
a baseball player slides toward a base .
a young girl is sitting in front of an exhibit at an aquarium as a dolphin swims past .
a woman stands on the curb next to a busy street .
a man is using a pro-saw to fix the street .
a crowd watches an outdoor concert .
a woman walking in front of a truck talking to someone that is walking beside her .
three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp .
people planting flowers outside in a circle .
two people in red shirts clean an alley .
a woman smiles at a baby while an older couple looks on .
young children shoot baskets in the field .
a man sitting in a green chair in front of a large window looking out onto a cityscape .
people are in a restaurant eating .
the sun shines bright on the snow surrounding a few people .
a young man is wearing a brown hat and sunglasses .
woman in red shirt and hot looks at trinkets at a table .
a crowd is watching a band perform on the sidewalk .
four people in bright blue water with a child in a pink inter tube .
several people stopped waiting for a train to pass .
a group of greyhound dogs runs around a dirt track .
a boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds .
a man is pulling a load of dirt down a narrow alley where a motorcycle is parked .
a curious child attempting to fish what nature flushed ashore with a beautiful ocean background .
a man riding an orange and white motorcycle .
the blond-haired woman is holding a black umbrella .
a woman with a cane carrying a bag walks along the sidewalk .
a young indian mother is with her child .
"a group of workers on a boardwalk wearing fluorescent vests , holding light wands ."
a group of people getting ready for climbing a mountain .
a small dog is playing with a plastic bag on the sidewalk .
a small dog jumps over a yellow beam .
a man holding a little girl up in the air outside .
people use the computer terminals at a modern library .
3 men are playing and riding on a vehicle made of musical instruments including a drum and a piano .
a man vaults over a high bar .
a group of young people pose for a picture in a field
man in board shorts is playing beach volleyball .
a young girl is hoping from stone to stone in her bare feet .
these girls are having a great time looking for seashells .
two people in a dense jungle area with trees and grass everywhere .
the man in the apron prepares the dining table .
a little boy spays a hose at his brother who is on the other side of a window .
dogs racing around a curve in the track .
several preschool children stand looking through fence bars as two adults look on .
a middle-aged man shines black leather shoes .
a couch sits broken while a man sits a table behind them .
a group of people stand listening to a speaker .
a barefoot child is walking on the beach towards the ocean .
four dogs splashing in the water
a man in a striped shirt poses with a blond girl in a black apron .
a dog chasing a frisbee into the water
"a guy drinking from a big silver cup , content of which is unknown ."
a little girl in a pink dress is walking outside .
an asian man holding a large number of bags looks across a street .
a woman with a white top with design on the front cleaning the white railing .
an elderly man with his hands placed upon some kind of barrel in a truck yard .
an african american woman with 2 young girls .
three older men playing live music in a grand hall .
four teenagers are in a church playing their instruments .
a man in a mustard yellow jacket sits in front of water while reading .
the man is playing a stringed instrument on the ground .
a kid in a striped tank top skateboards down the street
a girl in a crowd in holding on to a leashed sheep .
a man with a bike helmet and two young boys have just their heads peeking up from a pile of leaves .
a baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily .
two children are sitting outside at a table with popcorn all over it .
a man with a blue jacket look at items .
a man wearing a white collared shirt on the water .
a couple takes a break from dancing .
"a group of people , including a barefoot woman with white shorts , a black jacket and backpack wait for a light rail train ."
two little boys play in the water left behind by the sprinklers .
two men are putting plaster on a building .
a child plays in a multicolored fountain .
a child is floating on a raft and splashing in a pool .
man in white juggling with a bike against the wall .
four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave .
a group of people standing on the sidewalk and looking across the street .
"a man , wearing a white t-shirt and jeans , sits on two stacked crates while playing a guitar for tips ."
a girl is swinging over waves on a rope swing .
a little girl in a yellow shirt runs through a fountain in a busy park
a band playing in a bar in front of a crowd .
"a child sits on a pink , flowered couch and reads a book ."
two women are working in a kitchen .
a young child with wild curly hair sits on a chair and shows off his legos .
a street performer and his guitar painted completely blue .
two boys are skateboarding in front of an office building .
two men playing guitars on stage
a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
a woman helping a child out of the swimming pool .
"a woman , a boy , and a dog are walking up a hill ."
"a man is playing golf , striking his ball out of a sand bunker ."
a man in jeans is sleeping with a red mask covering his eyes .
there are two greyhounds racing around a dirt track .
an indian male is drinking something from a clay looking cup .
man taking a break under a umbrella leaning against truck .
a man wearing a pink shirt and white pants in mid jump playing a guitar .
woman on bench looking at cloudy mountain view .
"two women both in sandals , one in a green hat is tying the other woman 's  dress strap ."
a woman in a black shirt looking at a bicycle .
a woman in an orange sweatshirt is holding a glass in her hand .
two young boys drinking at home .
a rock band is playing in a dimly lit bar .
a dog rolls in the grass .
a blond-haired boy wearing a red shirt and red shorts climbing a tree .
a man stands on a ladder to take a picture with his cellphone .
several women wearing white shoes and sandals walk through a street festival .
a man is hammering an anvil .
a little girl offers a ball to an upset toddler on a grassy field while a man in bermuda shorts stands behind them .
black dog playing with a white and blue toy .
a man drives a truck while a child sits on his lap and steers .
two young girls dressed in their sunday 's  best peer over a fence .
a man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street .
a man stands on a sidewalk between a grass lawn and building
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans walking across concrete .
woman sorting bucket of food .
a man is drawing on the street while another man videotapes it .
a man is selling food at a street stand .
the boy is sitting in the lap of the car 's  driver and helping to steer .
a woman shows a man something on her cellphone in the middle of a crowded street .
a group of people are sitting next to each other with some wearing white shirts and blue vests with yellow sashes and the others wearing large fluffy white hats with a pink fluffy top .
men and women in traditional dresses attending something .
a small boy is playing with a gun on the sidewalk outside .
a woman is working at a food stand in the city .
a person retrieving something from a bag on a cooking counter .
a street with many advertisements .
a asian women walks to a pillar next to a building .
a man is getting ready to hit a tennis ball .
a child in a blue shirt is wearing a wristwatch .
two men sitting on opposite sides of a bus stop
"a man , woman , and little girl walk along a boardwalk beside a calm sea ."
a balding man helps a young boy fish .
a couple is enjoying the view of the water while sitting on a patio .
a man sits in a chair while holding a large pole .
a group of middle eastern people walking through the snow .
a girl sitting on a man 's  lap on a passenger train
a small child is stirring food with a red spoon on a kitchen counter .
how do we get to the other side ?
the man and woman are hugging and kissing near musicians performing .
this woman is playing an instrument .
a dog is jumping over a bush on the beach .
a boy jumps from a high rock cliff to the water below .
a boy is skim boarding in a backyard pool while two other men watch .
a man singing in front of a big heart .
a dog jumps to try to catch a yellow tennis ball on a patio .
a man is bending down and digging in a white bag .
a woman standing in front of a beach scene and smiling .
a man with black glasses plays a black guitar .
this small child is sitting behind the steering wheel of a car .
a dog takes off running on the sand .
a young girl showing her purple tongue
a large group of people gathered outside .
someone standing on a red ball and a girl standing in front wearing a tiger print shirt .
a bicyclist jumping with his bike in midair
a blond woman holds an object in her mouth and a pink toothbrush in her hand while sitting in front of a brightly colored couch .
two people on the top of a cliff
the black dog is in the water on the shore .
a boy does a toe touch in front of a tree .
a man climbing the rocky face of a mountain .
a little boy runs around while others look at a stage .
an old woman in a black dress holds a loaf of bread outside a door .
people walking around a downtown area of a city .
four men are hanging out in front of a building .
a woman in a pink blouse conversing with an amused male caucasian .
a man in a black vest and colorful tie draws the attention of a crowd near an outdoor diner .
a young woman rests her head on a man 's  shoulder .
"an older women in several layers of clothes knits an item as , she sits near a set of stairs ."
a man carrying a broom and dustpan is watching while a young boy is shining a woman 's  shoe .
3 men in t-shirt and shorts sitting on the grass eating food .
a child 's  legs while squeezing through a dog door .
red shirted worker climbs ladder to peer into a container perched on a forklift .
a girl with blond-hair is jumping off a tire swing
a young woman putting on a dance for a small audience .
children and moms sitting in a crescent on the floor .
a gray-haired woman turns the pages of a book for a circle of children sitting in blue chairs .
children eat at a long table with black chairs .
a woman with braided hair is sitting at a table full of food and gesturing .
a snowboarder uses a ramp to grind a rail .
a yellow and brown dog is going to the bathroom outside .
a man wearing a yellow coat stands at the peak of a mountain .
a stout gentleman does not know how to use his umbrella .
a man sitting on a chair in the middle of a group .
a woman at a backyard party is jumping rope on the grass .
a woman sitting at a picnic table is holding a baby .
men in red bowties are singing in a choir .
a boy jumps into a pool .
a young infant in a white top crying .
"a man in a blue shirt , writing on a chalkboard ."
a man with gray gloves holds his hands to his ears on a stairwell .
a young man breakdancing on a cobblestone road with many people watching him .
a man walking while holding a hat on a stick .
a brunette woman tastes her edible creation from a bowl .
a large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
a security officer looks out over some water where there are lights .
a toddler is with wet hair stands by swimming pool wrapped in a towel .
these mountains the couple is looking at our beautiful .
a gentleman on the phone at his desk while a child sits on his lap and draws on a sheet of paper
"girl in red , with striped tights , playing violin outside of building ."
many black dogs run in a grassy area .
a woman smiling as she works a machine .
a young girl is rock climbing while being securely tethered from above .
a light brown dog is poking his head into brush .
a man and a woman are walking past benches that overlook the water .
a tennis player moving to hit the oncoming tennis ball .
a man in a gray shirt and black pants is playing tennis .
a young lady is doing some tennis training .
male child playing on round contained ride in the park by himself .
a woman at a cafe is drinking coffee while doing paperwork .
a person in a red hat carrying a giant bowl of ice cream with several cones sicking out of it .
three women sit around a raised fire pit cooking skewered young pigs .
a person is holding onto a bicycle in the air with his body in flight position .
"two men talking with each other while sitting at a table , and one is holding a partially-opened book ."
a man with a red hat on sits on a stool on the side of the road .
a dog bounds across the brown grass .
a man is doing a back flip whilst attempting a jump on a bicycle .
a baby in a green bag peeks out .
a man with gray hair is putting a black collared shirt over a white button-up shirt while several other men watch .
a band plays bathed in stage lights .
a man in a black jacket plays a black electric guitar and sings .
a smiling person with a brightly colored mohawk hairstyle .
a large white poodle is walking on the grass carrying a sandal .
two girls hold up their younger sister .
a man in a kilt is playing an instrument in front of a storefront .
a little boy drinks water from the green hose .
"a woman is riding a bike down a city sidewalk , as men in long suit coats stand around with a line of other people ."
a lone surfer riding a huge wave in the ocean .
a boy wearing an orange shirt has his hair sticking straight up from his head .
a young girl in a pink dress stares at a metro newspaper rack .
"two people are standing in shallow water , waving sparklers around"
two women in an agricultural landscape sorting crop .
a man on a four-wheeler jumps while in a field .
women riding a moped and a motorized bike .
a lady is holding an umbrella behind what looks too be a waterfall .
a man and woman standing at a counter with food .
a cowboy stands near two sheep and a dog at a rodeo .
"three men outdoors smiling , drinking beer , and taking pictures ."
a young woman in a tank top is smoking a cigarette while holding two bocce balls .
a few people on a canoe in the water .
a man with dreadlocks smiles while sitting in a dj booth .
a man is pouring something in a cup from a beverage machine .
"a man wearing a shirt that says  "" money talks ""  is drinking water while leaning against a verizon truck ."
a large brown dog sniffs a small white dog 's  behind .
"two blond girls in white dresses , one much smaller than the other , stand on the bank of a large body of water ."
man with arm around girlfriend 's  shoulder as they watch something .
a man is sitting inside of a mailbox with a phone in his hand .
a black dog is in a dog race .
two women are standing next to each other and laughing .
a girl and her child walking next to a mountain .
a man in a white t-shirt and beige shorts lies asleep on a black sofa .
a young boy pointing and looking at a tree with more trees in the background .
a little black boy in a blue shirt and dark shorts running through a fountain .
people having fun at a barbecue party .
two adults and a child are standing on a rock with mountains in the background .
a young man in a t-shirt smiling in a bookstore .
a group of males wearing helmet standing in a line with flags and a crowd in the background .
an orange truck is driving down the street in front of a white building .
"a baseball player is standing in place , catching a flying baseball in his mitt ."
the man is working after dark in a market .
a dog rests on a mattress while a old woman sits on the floor .
a young boy is playing with a slinky in the street
a person is sailing in the air with a red parachute over grass .
men in traditional scottish attire marching and playing bagpipes .
a group of soldiers are marching in ranks while holding flags .
four boys run away up an incline .
two teams of boys playing soccer and one boy is up in the air with the ball behind him .
a child playing with water noodles in a pool .
a girl in a black outfit hula hoops while people sit at tables eating .
one person stands on a cliff overlooking a broad valley .
two young boys sitting in a chair by flowers and a green rake .
a five man drill team on stage .
a bride and groom make small talk with a guest as the groom shakes the guest 's  hand .
couple being married in a church .
two people are riding down a log flume in a theme park .
two young men participate in a soccer game .
this guy is in midair while wearing a red soccer uniform .
a woman cooking food on hot stove .
a girl with black gloves is running .
a girl in blue jeans leans against a golden-yellow car .
a man and a boy pose for a picture in a stairway overlooking a waterfall .
a woman wearing a purple jacket stands next to a horse .
a bride is hugging a person with short blond-hair .
a red-haired woman with green eyes is entering a van .
a man in a plaid shirt is standing near a pile of rubble .
children playing with a bike in the sand .
"three small boys wrestling and one is shirtless , smiling , and facing the camera ."
"boy in orange , jumping off a rusted colored pipe , into sand ."
two men wearing gray shirts and red hats are working with cement .
a guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle .
vehicles parked at a restaurant and gas station somewhere in mexico .
two girls are in line about to order at a mexican eatery .
a friend photo with two boys looking at each other while the girl looks at the camera smiling .
a black and brown dog rests head on lower steps of stairs .
a small boy wearing a red shirt swinging a baseball bat
man in business attire jumping off the side of a building .
two men sleep in the backseat of a car .
couple in car look at something beyond the camera .
a woman dressed in black and pink has a large tattoo on her back .
two guys smiling as they sit in a vehicle .
men and women riding bicycles in a hot sunny day in a big city .
boy in yellow tank top laughing on a beach .
a couple sits on a shaded bench with a view of trees and a large building .
"a native boy , in yellow , swinging from a rope ."
a group of children are playing in water .
a group of people are running on the sand .
walkers and bikers head down an empty new york street .
man holding a little girl in a street .
a wet young girl in a white coat stands among water fountains .
two females are blowing bubbles with their gum .
an adult male and a small child look to their left as they ride bicycles .
a white car is parked next to some houses in a third world country .
five men building a foundation for a house
a child swims underwater in a pool .
a man wearing a red hat while holding a ladder with a man in a brown hat looking at him .
two kids chasing each other in the sand .
a group of people looking over railing at the water and the land covered in fog .
a group of people are picking vegetables outside .
a man listens to someone on the phone with an estranged look on his face behind a fruit stand .
adult and child walking on a dirt road .
a person in blue is examining a wall .
men work together on a construction project .
a person with striped red socks is running on a hill side forest road .
people on the city street walk past a puppet theater .
a tan dog wearing a muzzle is running on sand .
a boy wearing a red shirt and blue shorts is walking outside .
a man in a blue shirt and gray pants is sleeping on a sidewalk bench .
construction workers building a frame for a structure .
a group of people build a wall for a building .
a woman plays the organ at a church .
a young man in a baseball cap plays an electric guitar .
men working construction hold up the frame of a wall .
a man in a black coat eats a doughnut while other men look out of frame .
four people stand in front of trees .
a man with a mohawk hairstyle wears a backpack at a college campus .
two children sliding in the snow .
a brindle dog runs beside some pilings in ground at the waterside .
a man is outside selling various toys .
the woman in the green striped shirt and backpack has a tattoo on her back .
a street performer rides a high unicycle while balancing juggling devices .
four men and one woman sitting on the ground in the shade .
the dog is running through deep snow .
a man is working on the caboose of the red train .
the little boy is running through the sprinklers .
a group of people building a frame of a building .
a person is looking at water jets .
a man is laying on two green air mattresses with one thumb up .
a hooded man working in a kiosk displays his wares .
a view of a marketplace full of people in an asian country .
"a man , standing in his skiff net fishes the waters ."
two men in white t-shirts and tool belts sit on frame work for a structure .
a group of people are eating a meal outdoors together .
three people are getting their picture taking as one is bent over .
the three dogs are standing in the sand .
a girl is about to emerge from a swimming pool .
people laying and sitting near some audio and visual equipment .
several people are in a building with air mattresses and other belongings .
the boy and girl are wearing swimming goggles .
"here is a picture of a kid dressed up in a costume , smiling and dancing ."
"a mother , dressed in traditional clothing , and her two children are posing for a picture ."
a motorcycle racer is riding a black motorcycle .
several young boys and girls jumping on a trampoline outdoors .
a lady with dark hair looking at some papers in the subway station .
two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain .
man and women in looking at a package a fruit in a food market .
a black dog jumps over a pole on green grass .
a lady sitting beside of a sprite bottle licking something white off of her fork .
the injured athlete is being carried by several people .
a little kid jumps up into the air above the ocean .
a dog swims in the water .
a crowd of people at a county fair watch three men agitate a large bull .
a doctor in an office smiling at the camera .
a man and an old woman stand and look at something behind the photographer .
an umbrella shading a young woman with a small boy crouching under the table .
a girl is about to kick a soccer ball in the grass .
a bull charging at a bull rider in a live rodeo .
a black man in a black garb stands in front of a subway train .
a boy playing on an arrangement of stones .
a small boy wearing a light blue shirt smiles as he holds something in his hand .
a woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach .
a woman at a storefront holding a bunch of yellow balloons .
the woman is reading a book .
two girls laying in the grass smile as their picture is taken .
guy with ski jacket jumping off bridge into water
five men stand outside and look like they are about to work .
a man in an orange jacket is speaking with a cashier .
a blond girl in a pink bathing suit running through the sprinklers
the two young boy are eating food .
three adults and three children are swimming in a public pool with one child ready to dive .
a person on a bike rides through a wooded area .
a child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves .
"a lady in blue , taking a close look of the surroundings by looking in the standing camera at park ."
pictures on a white brick wall with a smiling man standing in front of the wall .
people walking on tiles at an outdoor market .
a man in a green shirt and black pants looks into a shop on a crowded market street .
a bunch of shoppers watching the tv screens in a store .
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track .
"three children on diving board , with one jumping off ."
two older women sit on a white bench in a park .
a group of people waiting in line for a game .
three men dressed like chefs sit on a stone bench .
a man walking out of a portable bathroom .
a little boy in a white shirt and jeans sticks his fingers in his mouth .
a dog running through the sand .
a man and a woman are embracing while standing against a green heineken sign .
brown-haired male with a white shirt showing off a grin with open arms .
a baby is laying on a towel crying getting their diaper changed .
two men smiling in front of a fire .
several asian women dressed in black outfits and crowns are holding plates with food on them .
people are skydiving .
a person is in the water and throwing their hair back .
young bearded man wearing a white tank top sits behind a drum set .
a black dog leaps in the air while a woman yells in the background .
many elementary age children gathered and sitting outdoors .
two boys in shorts are sitting with a tablet with other people in the background .
a black and white dog is running through grass .
a man playing the guitar in a bedroom with a mushroom picture on the wall behind him .
a blond woman is handing from a red pole .
a little boy in green overalls throws up his hands in from behind the shiny restaurant table .
a well-dressed bald man with red glasses walks in full stride .
"different people buying , and looking at different kinds of vegetables and flowers ."
a girl in a yellow shirt sprays two people with water .
a little girl is jumping off the diving board into a pool .
girl screaming with bows in her hair .
young man shows his tongue piercing while a woman stands next to him
a swimmer swimming across a lap pool .
a man in a blue shirt giving his toddler a sip of his drink .
a woman in a room is adjusting hanging clothing .
a gentlemen wearing brown pants and shirt is talking to a man with a white shirt in front of a sewing machine .
a costumed woman plays an instrument on a bench .
"a woman , in a red swimsuit , is adjusting her swimming goggles while standing by a pool ."
two small children playing with toys .
a woman uses a newspaper to provide shade and get rid of glare while she uses her computer outside .
a skateboarder performs a skateboard trick against a graffiti wall .
"a young boy , wearing a red soccer shirt , socks and cleats , is standing on a field of green grass ."
man sitting on a green chair with fishing pole in the water
a blond boy in a dark hoodie is holding a fishing rod .
two people rafting down a river near pine trees .
two people paddle a canoe down a rough stretch of river near a pine forest .
a boy jumps into water fully clothed .
"a tour bus packed with people as they all look left , straining their eyes at a subject the tour guide pointed out ."
a woman is holding onto another woman 's  arm .
a white dog is carrying a ball across the grass nearby a fence .
a man in a yellow jacket is skiing in the snow .
"a saxophone player dressed in a blue sweatshirt and an accordion player entertain people on the street , including a pirate ."
an indian man standing on the bank of a river .
yellow team vs red team kicking a blue &amp; white soccer ball .
a little boy is approaching the soccer ball to kick it .
a man with a beard and sunglasses leans back on a couch with his feet on a coffee table .
a baby in pink clothes staring at corn on the cob
a child covered in a white blanket is sleeping .
a dad celebrates a birthday with his family via web cam .
three men and one woman are jumping into a swimming pool full of calm blue water .
a brown dog being chased in a rural area
"a just married bride and groom walking down the sidewalk , having an intimate moment ."
lady dressed in an exotic dress hooping .
a guy in a strip shirt laying on a picnic blanket taking a nap .
two men are preparing the earth for planting of new crops .
a gray-haired woman in a yellow shirt sitting under a blue sign .
there 's  a large group of people on stage holding flags .
this boy is spreading his arms while playing in the water .
a young couple staring in front of the ocean .
"a young women with long brown hair , plays a black guitar , left handed ."
a weiner dog catches a blue and yellow tennis ball .
a man is walking in the street with sunglasses on top of his head .
two people stand against a wall after a workout .
a horse is jumping two rails with a rider wearing a green jacket .
a man is standing beside a black folding chair .
five people are wading and swimming at the edge of a river or lake .
a man uses his sell phone near some hanging rugs .
"there is a teenage boy sitting in what appears to be some kind of rickshaw , while the driver points to him from behind ."
a balding man sits on the sidewalk leaned against a bunch of woven blankets .
a young woman in a black bikini brushes her long brown hair at the beach .
young child is splashing and playing at the beach .
a man in a white shirt and gray pants is working in an outdoor clothing store .
sidewalk vendor dressed in white shirt brown pants sells grilled corn .
one male and two females (both in swimsuits) are standing next to a sand castle at the beach .
a man that looks like a statue on the sidewalk .
a man in a gray tank top wearing a straw hat singing into a mic playing a guitar .
a man stands in front of a slide show and gives a presentation .
a young girl in a pink bikini laughs at the bottom of a water slide .
"the brown dog is running through a field , with a ball in its mouth ."
a young boy in a white shirt with a rubber mallet .
girl in dress hanging on orange rails
"a group of adults holding musical instruments , they do not appear to be playing the instruments ."
crowd of people sitting outside on green grass .
"child yelling and walking across sand , another figure and ocean in background ."
man spiking volleyball over net with other player in front of him .
4 string instrument playing men sit on a black stage playing their instruments from their music stands .
a man in a log coat edging the grounds .
two middle eastern men dressed in white robes are playing a large guitar and a bongo .
a knight on horseback and another man reenact a medieval scene for a group of spectators .
two young girls jump off or over a concrete barrier in an inner city park .
a woman in a striped sweater is standing on a hill .
"an older man in a blue suit is walking out of a building with the name  "" grace ""  on the front of it ."
the black dog jumps out of the water with something in its mouth .
a smiling boy hangs onto a zip-line structure at a playground .
a group of police officers outside a city building .
a man in a blue ball cap and wearing no shirt working on a roof .
"a group of people surrounded by trees , take a hay ride together in the sunshine ."
a man with glasses on kisses a female on the forehead .
a wedding ceremony in a church .
a woman with shoulder length hair sits on a sidewalk wearing a blue striped shirt and high heels .
a blond-haired woman is sitting down next to a pile of backpacks .
a group of oriental dancers are performing in a parking lot .
two small brown and white dogs stand together .
a man and a woman are on their knees at the front of the aisle getting married .
a ring bearer carrying a rung on a pillow at a wedding .
three young men playing a game of monopoly in which two of them are physically arguing .
a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
"two men and a woman stand together on a wet street wearing jackets , hats , and the woman carries an umbrella ."
a woman is waving her hand from an apartment window .
a woman in a brown shirt and a tiara is talking on a phone .
a policeman in a leather jacket stands by his motorcycle .
a white dog runs toward the camera .
a man on a lawn mower drives past a car .
"blond man with white button up shirt in front of two red-haired women , one is using a microphone the other wearing headphones ."
this person is wearing a welding mask .
an overweight man wears a protective hat and gloves .
an adult playing checkers with a young blond-haired boy .
three black dogs are on a beach .
a doctor checks the heartbeat of a young girl .
a group of kids stand in a row holding sticks and swords .
a woman whips her hair out of the water .
a band of four guitarists and a drummer perform on stage .
there is a concert going on .
a casino dealer and a couple are smiling at the camera .
a man wearing a blue helmet is on a motorcycle .
a red-haired clown cries streams of tears in a white hat on stage .
a woman in white is doing acrobatics .
two people are dressed in leotards performing .
a young boy jumping off of a playground toy .
the little boy wearing the blue shirt is eating with chopsticks .
a budweiser-sponsored race car accelerates quickly with smoke behind it .
"man on a tall unicycle , who is wearing bright yellow shirt , red bandanna and camouflage pants is juggling 3 pins while people watch ."
an old woman in a scarf is in the city .
a child is wearing a paper hat and eating at a diner .
a black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .
two dogs wearing racing equipment are running on muddy ground .
three guys are in the middle of doing back flips .
a player kicks the soccer ball from the corner of the field .
bmx biker jumps off of ramp
a boy tries to keep his balance while standing on two floating devices while two others watch .
a woman sitting down to have a meal is being pointed at .
two men are standing in front of a cash register with several items .
a woman in a white shirt is wearing goggles .
a window washer in a blue shirt soaps up the windows .
two people here are wearing something around their necks .
a group of women in white robes walk through the grass .
person holding a guitar with religious images and reflective stickers on the front .
two men are standing in front of a protest sign resting on a red electric box .
several men and women are enjoying food outdoors .
a woman wearing a striped top stands near the stuffed animal prizes .
a blond-haired girl plays on a blown-up bouncy toy .
a man in a white t-shirt watching a dog do a back flip
the guy in a striped shirt is playing his electric guitar .
a woman is doing gymnastics while a man takes a picture of her in midair .
a pole vaulter is about to launch off the floor with his pole .
a man in a straw hat is digging with a shovel .
a woman with red-hair is holding two cats .
a boy dressed in green rides a video motorbike game in front of ski ball machines .
two women play volleyball on the sand .
the lady has a gorgeous white dress paired with a beautiful white high-heeled shoes .
a little boy standing in very tall green grass .
a man handles his near empty drink while laughing at something on the other side of the table .
a soccer player is running on the field
a girl in a red shirt colors as she stands at her desk .
a young boy is opening a present .
a child wearing a blue shirt and blue pants is standing in a park .
a young boy standing between a wall and several large boulders .
a pack of dogs are running away down a trail .
an airwoman is checking on an elderly woman .
a group of men dressed up like pirates stand outside the cheesecake factory with signs .
a young boy screams on a roller coaster .
a man dressed as an indian with two dogs standing and talking to a group of people by some hay .
a woman writes a note for an older woman .
a fit beach volleyball player is preparing for a bump .
"a man is looking out through wooden bars , which he is holding in his hands ."
closeup of bartender (women) grabbing a glass inside the bar .
man and boy with backpacks on a hiking trail .
a dog runs in a yard with a deflated ball in its mouth .
girl regains composure in a sunset with a man in the background
"at night , a young man is sitting near a table containing aluminum foil , chocolate , and crackers ."
two men are roasting marshmallows outside at a campfire .
a woman in a cow patterned apron and faux cheese top hat cuts real cheese .
a brown and white dog looking into a pool at a tennis ball .
a man in an orange safety vest is addressing several other men in a forest .
a cheerleading squad poses for a picture in front of full bleachers
a small white dog has on a leash and is walking next to a fence .
a man is using a chainsaw to carve a wooden sculpture .
"three newscasters , two men and a woman , are sitting at the news desk and laughing ."
the boy in red goggles swims underwater .
"a small , smiling boy in a blue safety helmet and yellow shirt is riding his scooter on a sidewalk ."
two dogs either fighting or playing together .
a young child wearing a blue top is on a blue toy .
a group of people in bathing suits pose for a picture .
a little boy with brown hair jumped off of a brown chair onto the floor .
boy wearing swim trunks holding goggles and running
child playing with a hula hoop on a cement driveway in housing alotment .
people going up an escalator in the mall .
small boy in a green shirt is buried up to his waist in sand .
a woman in an orange jacket is talking on her cellphone .
a woman serves a cup of soup from a large pot of soup .
a man with hat on builds a house .
someone in a blue shirt writing on a part of a newspaper .
a dog tries to drink water from a sprinkler .
men in hard hats working with a large gold machine doing roadwork .
an old man rides a bicycle on a country road .
a boy in a yellow tank top runs away from a crashing wave .
a man in a blue shirt taking a picture of a mountain .
here is a picture of students in a classroom taking a computer test .
a child wearing a hat is standing on a beach looking out at the ocean .
a little kid climbs a red mat on a festive carpet .
"man with orange hard hat , driving a construction vehicle and waving ."
a man wearing a construction hat and vest walking in front of a stopped big red semi in a forested area .
man shooting picture of women at the beach .
a man wearing glasses and a green shirt practices playing a stringed instrument indoors .
two little boys riding their bikes in the street .
kids wearing shorts playing outside in the park with sprinkling water .
a brown dog is carrying a wet stick on the shore of the ocean .
two men in silly glasses sit on the floor .
"two construction workers sitting on some pipes while one waves , obscuring his face ."
"people seated at long tables all facing the same direction , some writing and some watching ."
a man and woman jumping off of a boat into blue waters .
a female softball player dramatically slides into a plate as the baseman stands poised to catch the ball .
a girl is opening a present while a young boy in blue pajamas watches .
two dogs are jumping up at each other in a grassy field .
a boy is walking through a parking lot filled with cars .
a man wearing a brown leather vest and a woman dressed in red and black holding one another .
people in an auditorium waiting for something to start .
a person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle .
a maintenance worker is climbing into his green truck .
a man with black hair and a brown shirt creates portraits of people .
"man wearing glasses and a green shirt , performing a task on a computer ."
a closeup of a small boy smiling while holding onto some playground equipment .
"a woman is carrying a young boy , while laughing with a man wearing a gray t-shirt ."
a grandmother is watching her daughter and grandson play with trains in a living room .
a young male is sipping on a juice .
a female singer sings passionately while the back-up guitarist plays in the background .
people stand on top of a red tourist bus
a young child runs along a beach as birds fly among him .
a small dog catches a tennis ball in its mouth .
a policeman stand outside on the street with his hands in his pockets .
a person in a field looks through a telescope while a blue car approaches or waits .
"the vehicle is crossing a stream of water , in a wooded area ."
a man wearing jean is flying a kite near the shore .
a young man relaxing his legs on a pice of machinery
two young girls are smiling and laughing .
a man in pink t-shirt is singing a song
someone feeds a strawberry to a turtle .
the dog jumps over the high jump bars in a dog show as the owner looks on .
a dog at a competition runs down a ramp .
the dog is running around a white and pink pole .
a white cart doing a wheeling down a race course .
a group of children playing in the water fountain .
six little girls are sitting on a cement hill .
a little boy in a dark t-shirt and jeans is taking great enjoyment standing near an outdoor fountain .
a long-haired guy doing a backflip on the trampoline .
a person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line .
a car is in the water
a man sits on a pile of rugs by a building while three more men and a woman stand nearby .
there is a man skateboarding and another nan jumping over his head .
four young girls playing in the water .
two men and a woman are sitting on a bench with a clown .
a boy and a man who seems to be the boys father work on an art project together .
an older man gets ready to get his haircut at a barber .
an older man sits at a workbench while carving his art .
a young monk in red and orange is sweeping the floor .
"a guy wearing a red coat , white jodhpurs and black boots jumps his gray horse over poles during a steeplechase competition ."
a hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him .
a young man in glasses is drinking beer and holding the 10 of clubs to his forehead .
two children look down squeezing through a fence .
the short-haired dog is running across a grassy yard .
a dog running down a dirt track .
a little girl sits at a table outdoors and eats watermelon .
three women down the street with trees in the background .
"a group of people stand in the dirt near two station wagons , with some sacks in the back of a station wagon and other sacks piled on the dirt ."
"people standing on a beach , one under a green umbrella"
the black dog catches a toy in its mouth while running in the field .
two people waiting at a bus stop .
"there is a woman , several men , and several children on a sidewalk where produce is being sold ."
a young man sits on a couch and smokes .
a young man wearing a top hat and tracksuit is sitting in the drivers seat of a petty cab .
"three people , tow of them women , are on a beach wearing casual summer clothing ."
a woman is preparing food at the store .
a young woman holds her friend 's  bicycle for him while he pulls out his skateboard .
a worker straddles the beams of a building being constructed .
two men speak in a club with green curtains .
a young man and woman both in brown shirts sitting and laughing .
a woman in a red dress playing an instrument .
a woman is sitting at the beach covered by a lot of seaweed .
a boy on his bike stops and looks back at the cameraman .
this is a woman in a yellow coat looking for something she dropped while her male companion stares at the camera .
two kids ride an amusement park ride .
"two unhappy-looking older people looking past the camera , the male holding a book and the woman wearing a fur coat ."
a man sits with his foot on a pole and smiles .
a black and white dog carries a white frisbee over the grass .
school sale to help earn money for trips .
young girl wearing pink hat and jacket and blue shirt jumping in puddles
the man is training a dog to zigzag through poles .
a bald man in a red shirt performs in front of a crowd .
a woman with a tattoo is playing the saxophone .
people sit and relax next to a pool in a plaza .
person in silhouette takes a picture of a large clock .
two women buying a product that the one woman in the green toboggan is selling .
a young boy in a blue shirt plays with a toy truck .
three white children playing with lego and toy trucks on the carpet .
the mother watches her baby play with the sunglasses by the window .
two toddler boys sharing a baby swing at dusk .
a caucasian male and his son having bonding time .
"a football player , his helmet half off , looking at the ground ."
the little boy is about to walk into the sprinklers .
"two dogs , one brown and the other black , play in the surf in the shallow ocean water ."
a man is seen coughing in a crowded street .
a tan dog jumps over a purple and green gate .
a football player prepares to throw the ball .
people watch as a dog scales a wooden wall in a grass field .
an elton john looking fella playing an instrument on stage .
a man and a woman dancing in front of paintings hanging on a wall .
a child prepares to do battle with a carnival attraction .
"in a large city , many people gathered around a large reflective oval shaped piece of art ."
graffiti covers most open space in this picture .
a man with no shirt is climbing a rock ledge .
a large group of people are at a beach .
a man walking along a road next to a blue building and red stop sign .
a dog is playing catch on the grassy plain
a woman opens a gift while standing in a dining room that has been festively decorated : her face is obstructed by one of the decorations .
a little dog plays with a colorful ball in the sand .
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a white frisbee .
black dog jumping into the air to catch a frisbee .
two children wearing martial arts gear fight on a blue mat .
a girl climbing a rock face .
old woman in white hat sits on a crate and looks at shirts on a table .
workers repair a section of road .
"a man wearing a gray cap , gold jewelry and winter attire looking at something in the distance ."
an orange boat leaves the shore while a person watches nearby .
a man with a black mustache cuts meat with a large knife .
a man atop a horse smiling at the camera below a set of mountains .
a boy in a blue shirt and goggles is standing by a tree .
entertainers at a renaissance fest being watched by spectators .
a man is yelling at someone from a game booth .
a man with sunglasses in a pink shirt .
"a woman is writing in a journal , while sitting on a bench at a coffee shop ."
two poodles playing with a red toy .
"two men inspecting and fixing the tire of a red framed , yellow forked bike with the bike seat towards the ground ."
a person is surfing on a wave while another person heads towards it .
a young man wearing the aids walk t-shirt is standing and typing on the laptop .
a man wearing black stands with three woman who have blond-hair .
two brown dogs play in a snowy field .
a child plays in a pool while wearing orange floaties .
a young boy and an older woman sitting at a brown table in a blue room .
a man and women are out at farmosa looking at menus as they chat .
there is a man wearing a red shirt and brown shorts jumping up to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
four toddlers are being entertained by an accordion player .
two woman sitting under a l.e.d. sign of a person walking .
a man standing outside of a shop on the street .
"two people stand elbow deep in the ocean , watching the sunset ."
three boys play in an unfinished building .
a young boy appears to be hammering metal on top of an anvil .
"an woman , wearing a straw hat , is presenting a variety of goods ."
the white and brown dog is running through the grass .
a girl in a red jacket laughs at the camera .
a woman in a floral dress walks down the street past her reflection .
a man in a striped shirt chopping mushrooms .
a person climbing a rock while others are standing around and watching .
the men in the gators helmets have their arms wrapped around each other .
a shirtless man is doing work on a roof .
a group of people at an olympic event .
a man in a yellow raincoat waves the chinese flag during a rainy event .
people standing around on sand in the rain .
an asian athlete in a bright jacket is questioned by numerous reporters wearing rain jackets .
a crowd gathers around a woman clasping her head
three people are standing in front of a beijing 2008 sign .
"a man with a hat taking a photo with his camera , while a passerby looks annoyed ."
a group of people are standing in a room with skylights .
a blond woman holds an umbrella over a race car driver .
two older men work to repair a stone fence near a cottage .
a man is wearing a hat and a white shirt .
a married couple walk up flights of old stone stairs .
man with t-shirt and khaki shorts kneels on the ground .
a man serves a volleyball on the sand court at a volleyball competition .
a group of people hold up three fingers .
a woman standing in a red bikini on a outdoor sand volleyball court .
girls in red bikinis do a dance routine at the 2008 olympics .
people in costume and hats pose with american flags and fingers held up with the number three .
a child in a red shirt climbs on play equipment .
a dark-skinned young girl is having her sneakers polished by a shoeshine boy in india .
firetrucks line both sides of a busy two-way road .
a person wearing rollerblades jumps over a yellow gate .
a brown dog digging for a ball in the sand
picture of a red wagon and a little boy riding his bike in front of a brick building .
woman holding her son on the busy streets .
a lady and two small children are sitting on a park bench with pigeons at their feet .
adults and children frolic on the shoreline of a beach .
a group of people carrying something wrapped in an american flag .
a dog lays on a mattress on the porch .
"a couple , a man and a woman , are sitting on a rock looking at the ocean ."
child with swim goggles with face submerged halfway
a man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper .
a farmer fertilizing his garden with manure with a horse and wagon .
the black and brown dog jumps in the air to catch the ball .
children playing with a soccer ball near a goal net .
the girl is swimming with only her head above the water .
two men on horses chasing an animal at a rodeo .
five women in dresses standing in a lobby talking .
a man is wearing an executive attire while looking something .
six men in blue jumpsuits and a man in an orange jumpsuit walk by a shipyard .
kids are jumping on a blue rimmed trampoline .
a man is kayaking through some white waters .
a woman with a camera looks out over rolling hills .
a little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm .
a man in a red jacket with jeans on balancing at a bowling alley .
a man with a bucket of red paint is labeling fish sections with numbers .
a man with a pen and paper checking stock .
two men are looking at meat that is set out on a table while taking notes .
"woman , with two children playing in outdoor fountain ."
a man in a cap and shorts sits on a metal bench reading a newspaper .
a man in a black shirt and red tie holding a drink .
a young man in a blue shirt holding a device to his mouth and making a party gesture .
a white and black dog leaps into water .
a man in a brown jacket and beige cap is drinking from a styrofoam cup .
a guy in a black shirt jumps into the air on a walking bridge .
"a man in a blue shirt , jumping down a hill in a park ."
dog jumps over red and white pole while boy looks on
a man wearing sunglasses stands in front of band equipment holding a guitar .
a person lies on the grass with a shopping cart nearby .
a woman standing in front of a store with her arms crossed .
a man and women looking at magazines in a window .
a boy on a chained swing looks to the right and smiles .
a toddler is sitting while holding some corn in his hands .
the man on the bike just finished riding through some mud .
four black dogs running over grass .
a brown and white dog goes into water while looking back .
a man rides a motorcycle with his dog in the sidecar .
players on a football team scuffle in an attempt to get the ball .
little boy wearing blue snoopy hat .
"nine men are playing a game in the park , shirts versus skins ."
woman at salon with black hair under drying helmet .
a young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background .
the soccer player in red is trying to block the player in white .
a young man in tan shorts and green shirt is falling off his bicycle .
people are strolling and conversing on a sidewalk in front of a hospital .
a woman with a bag talks to a man on a bicycle near a street .
a man sits and rubs his chin .
there are two young people with backpacks on and then are standing next to a hiking trail .
a young girl is on a swing up high with a sunset behind her .
two men are in a blue and white speed boat .
a man and a woman in hats near a flight of stairs .
two men wearing hats stand on the tree-lined sidewalk near a building .
a dog shews on a big stick .
a small brown and white dog catching a frisbee at a competition .
a man and his cattle pulling a cart in the street .
a woman in a shawl is holding her child that is wrapped in a colorful blanket .
a mother and her child posing for a photo .
a man rides a green motorcycle on a wet racetrack .
a woman is holding a baby and smiling .
"a man dressed in a red coat , white pants , and black boots is sitting on a horse at an amusement park ."
a white race dog wearing the number eight runs on the track .
two men with rags over their face are running down a street with something on fire .
mother and child on a walk in a park .
a man on a bicycle jumps over jagged rocks amongst tall pine trees .
two musicians practicing for a performance .
a overweight male is playing electric guitar while wearing a white hat .
woman diving into deep end of a swimming pool .
a girl takes a picture of her friend who is leaning on a picnic table .
a man in a hat is working on a roof .
a man prepares some fish in a navy blue apron .
two men watch a third man grill meat .
this is a night view of a city street with people and traffic .
the black dog in the field has something in its mouth .
the man wearing a blue shirt has dreadlocks and sunglasses .
a man in a red shirt works on a white sculpture .
the grownups are smiling as a child plays with some rocks on the ground .
a man in orange shorts moving really fast
a white dog wearing a red collar jumps up after a red frisbee .
worker sawing a large fish with a band saw .
a man with short black hair in a yellow shirt looking at a large piece of cut fish .
"young female meditating in the woods , wearing work clothing and a bicycle helmet ."
a crane flying just above a body of water
the man in the straw hat smokes a cigarette .
a young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball .
a man looking at produce .
a boy in a green and blue shirt is sitting inside an earth digger .
large brown dog is jumping over a smaller black dog .
a yellow truck with casterol branding leads a white truck and blue truck down the road .
a crowd watches the start of a drag race at twilight .
a person wearing a clown mask is scratching his or her chin .
several people cooking at a grill in a kitchen .
an elderly asian man is looking at a camera in a large gathering of people .
people cheer as a bicyclist rides his bike off a ramp
a man is riding a mountain bike on a woodland trail .
a police officer is standing patrol at the corner near a red fire hydrant .
a person wearing a helmet begins to ride a skateboard down a street hill .
a person is walking in a city with a group of birds .
two children play in a pile of unspooled toilet paper .
a girl in black dress and orange jacket .
a worker sweeps the road as a machine drives in front of him .
a man is jumping into a screened-in outdoor pool .
a goalie dives to prevent the ball from going into the goal .
a black dog in the water .
"a man with a white hat , white shirt , and black apron is grilling meat ."
a girl singing and dancing with a pink hat on .
three children all wearing capri pants and long-sleeved hooded jackets anxiously await a train .
a large group of bicycles racing on the street
men and women in swimsuits sit outside of a log sweat lodge with trees in the background .
a man sitting on a bus bench while listening to music .
a brown dog is sniffing a white dog in front of 2 women .
people play in the fountain on a sunny day .
a biker doing a somersault with the bike in front of a crowd .
a man jumping from one building to another closeby
a sculptor chipping away at marble to create a statue .
a man and a woman are entering a bus and paying toll .
there is a lady towing her suitcase behind her down the road .
a man in a dark shirt and glasses holds a microphone .
four people rollerskating with spectators in the background .
the orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel .
a brunette woman wearing dark glasses and a red blouse is eating .
two houses and fire
two girls in red soccer uniforms running after a soccer ball .
two men skateboards at high speed .
a black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella .
a woman in a blue suit is addressing others in a file room .
a man is holding a guitar with a light shining behind him .
large white dog running on grass
a brown dog is running through water carrying a ball in its mouth .
a black and white dog leaps through the water .
a girl in a pink dress is standing on her head .
a man performs a skateboard trick .
a man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon jackets stand guard .
a small girl riding on a yellow plastic toy car .
a young man jumps up off his skateboard on the street in front of a house .
an elderly woman is working at a concession stand .
a young boy is hanging head down in a tire swing with gravel beneath it .
girl riding a bike on a street near many stores .
a young lady in a striped shirt is waiting for the young lady with blond-hair who is writing .
women playing volleyball in the sand near the ocean .
woman with green shirt and blue bag standing at a crosswalk .
a man wearing a hat inspects the tattooed arm of another man .
two dobermans fighting or playing together on a lawn .
two men hanging around a construction site .
two men working with wood on a dirt floor .
orange dog walks in shallow water .
a woman helping a little girl pick out and read a book .
a young girl wearing black boots holds onto the fence and has a lollipop .
a dog swimming along the ocean with a bark in its mouth .
a boy shovels manure into a fire while a man looks towards the camera .
a young woman in a pink shirt standing on stairs smiles at the beautiful pink flowers .
church members watch a pastor give a sermon .
one football player holding the ball is chased by another football player from the opposing team
cheerleaders show symmetry as they prepare to perform .
cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football goal post .
cheerleaders wearing blue walk onto the football field .
a man and a girl are both looking at something of interest .
local people trying to sell goods street side .
a man in a brown dress standing in sand .
four boys are playing at a wooden playground .
the man in the red overalls stands on the sidewalk .
a group of girls in blue outfits .
a line of cheerleaders in blue costumes wait to perform .
a woman and child play in a snow covered yard .
a hockey player in black and white collides with another player wearing blue .
boy in orange jersey has the football and is being tackled .
"a person in blue climbs up a very tall cliff , attached by red and blue ropes ."
a man jumps from a rock into the water .
a little girl is about to jump into a mud puddle with her flower rain boots .
a boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water .
a downtown city were a person is leaning up against a building while on his cellphone .
men playing a game in red uniforms
a white dog on a leash is wearing a yellow jacket .
one man on a lift and another man on the roof of the building watching .
a black and brown dogs pulling a red leash .
four office workers are working on a project .
a large brown dog and a small gray dog on a rocky surface with weeds behind them .
a boy bouncing on a trampoline .
the black and white dog is herding the sheep .
a man is showing three kids sitting at a table shadows .
little girl in a pink hello kitty shirt is jumping .
a motorcyclist is leaning into a curve with his motorcycle
a woman in a black dress rinsing out a rag in a blue bucket .
twos small brown monkeys on a wall fighting with each other .
"a person leaning on the back of a bus , while two other people lie in the street ."
a young girl in pink is sitting on the ground .
a child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow .
old man cleaning the sidewalk outside a shop .
"an older women with gray hair and glasses , taking a nap in bed ."
an oriental woman working on an industry line .
a motocross rider is on a dirt hill .
two children are playing on the beach and the girl is jumping .
the two people wearing green are sitting down and surrounded by empty seats .
a football fan showing his devotion by painting his face .
an older man in a blue and white shirt plays a saxophone .
man with helmet performing a trick while rollerblading .
"three men , two with shirts , one without working on the roof of a house ."
two bike riders standing with 3 bikes parked at the car .
"a man , wearing cowboy attire , is riding a horse in a rodeo , while a crowd behind a barricaded fence surrounds him ."
a man riding a black and white bull while people with cowboy hats on are watching .
"two couples are passionately embracing on a beach , while an elderly couple looks on from above ."
a group of people gather in front of a red house .
"a young girl , in a stars and stripes bathing suit , does a back flip on the beach ."
a cute puppy fetches a yellow ring chew toy in the yard .
people gather to drink and talk outside the door of a building .
a group of teenagers play music at an outdoor event .
a group of people at a rodeo watching a cowboy being thrown from a white horse .
a man is riding a horse as people watch .
"children , including one with a painted face , pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass ."
a child with sunglasses and a shirt filled with dirt .
a dog chases a ball that has dropped in the water .
four children playing in water spouts .
a woman with matching light blue t-shirt and headscarf sits on a chair made of stone .
a couple acting like they are swimming in front of a fish cutout door .
two ladies in tutus dancing in the street .
a couple women perform in the street for a crowd of people .
two climbers are sitting on top of a mountain attached to ropes .
five people are sitting on horses at a rodeo .
a white and black dog runs on the grass .
a woman smiles from inside a red tent that is surrounded by snow .
a man wearing a white cap and white sweatshirt working on a roof .
semi-pro martial artist practices his most powerful moves .
a toddler in stripy pants is reaching for a white stove in a red floored kitchen .
a cyclist is performing a jump by some trees .
a young man clad in a jersey and shorts watches some ultimate frisbee players in action .
a man on a cellphone wearing a cowboy hat and a blue and white shirt is standing on a curb .
"a man is sitting on a chair , while many people walk in front of him ."
two small children are gathering water from a large container .
a boy performing tricks on a brick wall with a skateboard .
a man talking while a lady is working out .
a group of young ladies walking down a street in a tourist area .
a woman plays an instrument while many people watch her .
a motorcycle rider turns the motorcycle on its side while racing .
an older man with glasses wearing a black jacket and black hat .
a young girl jumps in the air in front of a white house .
big black dog and kitten curiously looking at the wooden weave basket .
a young female cheerleader dressed in a blue uniform is cheering in front of a group of band members .
a band of musicians standing on the street .
a brown dog is nibbling at the white dog 's  face .
three people on a cliff are looking out at the water below .
"a man is standing wearing cargo pants , an orange hard hat , and yellow safety vest ."
a man with no shirt is playing tennis .
a man sitting on a curb in a city park .
a man trying to break the world record for hanging upside down .
a lady with a brown dress on is holding a glass and a cigarette in the middle of a room full of people .
a group of construction workers walk past a building under construction .
"two construction workers , one holding a yellow piece of metal , and the other holds tool ."
an old man and his dog are standing otuside with a cart .
two women stand in the sand in their bikinis .
"one child sitting in a stroller , wearing a stethoscope ."
blond girl in pink and white dress swinging .
a dog splashing in a small pool with a small football .
a man with a lot of jewelry and punk rock clothes poses against a brick wall .
two men put their arms and legs out to the side .
a young asian child eats red sweet bean paste .
a dog swims in a pool while another watches .
the nurse is all dressed in white walking on a street .
person 's  foot resting on fluffy black dog .
"older woman in striped dress , white jacket , walks down street with shopping bags ."
a group of people launch an air rocket in front of a marina .
a black and gray dog is playing with a blue ball outside .
a girl with a yellow el dorado elementary school shirt on showing the size of something using her fingers .
a man with an umbrella sits on a bench in a public area .
there are many children working on different activities in the classroom .
a boy in blue is riding his bike in a skate park .
a small girl chases a pink ball over the gravel driveway .
a soccer player is making a kick .
a group of backpackers take a break under a nearby tree .
a tri-colored dog is running on the green grass .
a man standing on a sand dune and reaching to the sky .
two children grin and hug each other .
person on a skateboard in the air
woman with glasses working at a sewing machine .
young boy using a vacuum cleaner on a rug .
two red dogs running in green grass by a fence .
a soccer player leaps sideways in the air to kick the ball .
a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore .
little boy surrounded by a pile of leaves .
two women sitting on a couch with red and white pillows with canes beside them both .
a young blond boy smiling standing on a staircase
a little girl and boy dressed in red eat cereal out of purple bowls .
two men are kneeling on a sidewalk .
men are working by a cement mixer .
a man works on a large vehicle .
an old balding man is writing on a piece of paper on a table .
a man jumps off a rock into the water
a young boy is holding on and riding a zip line down a hill .
a man is climbing a cliff high in the air .
a brunette male toddler is sitting in a sink and holding a toothbrush .
an adorable young child looking up into the light .
two men cyclists examining the chain on a bike at night .
musicians are practicing as directed by a director .
a construction worker operates a cement mixing truck while talking on a cellphone .
workers run a hose next to a house .
a group of workers are doing some construction work .
a man is working on electronic equipment .
a man is bent over working on a red vehicle .
older man painting a picture of ancient ruins in the background .
a woman in a suit and gloves is conducting a small orchestra in a bright room .
two adults and a child wait to cross a street .
a dog attempts to pick up a large tire with its mouth .
two dogs play in a field .
a man in a striped shirt selling green and yellow melon out of the back of a pick up .
a group of young adults on bikes
a woman in a black dress and high heels is getting onto a bicycle .
a person dressed in blue performing a back flip .
a group of women are all wearing orange bikina tops and orange saroog skirts .
four men standing behind cash register and tip jar .
an old man with a long gray beard sits on a stoop with two other men .
a woman playing bass guitar on stage with her band .
"this man is a union employee making 95 ,000 a year mopping floors for the government ."
a man rides a pinkish motorbike on a hill .
"a man is climbing on a metal support in the bleachers of a large arena , at a crowded sporting event ."
"two people , one on the phone , in front of a train ."
a man is talking on a cellphone next to a car parked in a dark alley .
two men with paddles in the water .
an old man sits outside an open doorway on a low stool
a few black guys talking to a girl .
a boy in shorts stands next to a jet of water .
two people fighting in a karate competition with judges watching .
"a young man blocks a kick during a sparring match , while judges stand by ."
a man being struck during some form of martial arts competition .
"a person wearing a straw hat , standing outside working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground ."
an asian man in a polo shirt repairs a tennis shoe .
a young man jumps with a surfboard over the waves .
a black dog catches a frisbee at a park .
a black dog runs on the shore while a light brown dog jumps up to catch a stick .
a dirt biker lands on a ramp .
a skateboarder flies thorugh the air while others watch .
a football player carries the ball during a game .
this picture shows a group of soldiers in body armor with red shields
the group in traditional clothing is playing instruments .
a man in a striped shirt is taking a picture while a man rides a bike behind him .
three men working together to clean a uniquely designed ceiling .
a woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall .
two football player are in the kick off position in front of a crowd .
"a small child wearing a pink hat , blue jeans , and white shirt standing in a grass field ."
three men are banging on metal barrels .
two elderly women can be seen from a car talking next to a wall .
a man adjusts music on an audio mixer .
the dog on the right is baring his teeth at the other two dogs .
group of people dressed in black crossing city street
a man and a woman walking with two women sitting in the background .
a man is nibbling on an ear of corn
"a guy on rollerblades , sliding across a rail ."
a group of motocross racers lined up to start .
a soccer team in navy blue running onto the field beginning a game .
a young girl in a black vest jumps .
fans watch as players rest between sessions in a football game .
a little girl walks and laughs outside .
there is a stadium full of people watching sporting event with male players .
the perfect view from behind a soccer goal post .
a soccer player in a yellow shirt tossing the ball back .
the soccer players are walking on the field .
a woman sits backwards on a chair in the middle of a field .
the dog jumps to catch a flying disc .
a young boy staring at what appears to be a grasshopper as he holds it in his right hand by its leg .
two college football players about to face off .
"these are ladies and a man , in a bar , passing out something in a basket ."
a nurse is taking care of a patient .
"two men and a woman sit , arms folded , by a window ."
a man sitting on a couch smiling .
a waitress is performing in a restaurant with her arms spread out and a top hat in her left hand .
"an old man sitting in a chair , reading a book ."
"two men in a hospital , one is visiting the other is a patient ."
a man in blue shorts walks up stairs .
three people are in a room together and one man has an arm sling on .
a middle eastern couple walking down the street .
the skateboarder in the white t-shirt is riding on a wooden ramp .
a foreign county with children on moped .
a woman in a black cap is laying on the beach in a pink bikini .
the young men are having a good time at the beach .
a group of tourists are walking down a paved trail .
a little girl on a red jungle gym .
a man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades .
a small boy is playing at a water fountain
a blond woman in a red top is sitting on a wall next to a kissing couple in jeans .
motorcycle racers take a sharp turn .
a young man and woman in shorts and t-shirts are playing a video game .
four women dancing at a party .
three construction workers are sitting around a fenced in area reading next to a sand castle .
two people and a dog playing in the water with a ball .
a man on a white waterskiing ramp on a lake
young woman in a red shirt is playing with a chinese yo-yo .
a man looks confused as he stands in front of a blue and white umbrella .
a dog runs across the ground .
a lot of people are listening to a man with a microphone .
a group of people are watching a band perform .
the man in the green jacket performs a song for a crowd of people .
a sunset sky over rippling water .
two construction men with white hats are sitting in chairs reading newspapers .
a man is sitting in a wagon with a donkey attached
a group of men take a rest after a long hike .
a man is working underneath a blue older model car .
a little girl throws a pink and yellow chunk of chalk .
two friends are smiling and wearing large sombreros .
a man on a ladder repairs bronze shingles on the roof of a building .
pedestrians walk around cars on a busy street .
surfer does trick in wave as seen from behind
a dirt biker leaps through the air .
a woman hammers a piece of hot metal on an anvil .
two dogs pee on the fire hydrant .
a lot of people are walking on the street of big city .
skateboarder grinds a concrete railing .
three men in casual dress sitting on a stone wall with one more standing near .
two muzzled greyhounds dogs racing around a track .
a man in a white shirt is leaning against a railing with a woman in a yellow shirt .
a soccer team with green uniforms and their coach are huddling .
an older boy drinks from a water fountain while a younger boy watches .
3 asians drawing characters on paper .
"prarie dogs that are spotted with , brown black and white"
a young girl walks alone while toting her bag .
"a group of people holds tennis rackets , and pose together near a tennis net ."
people with their faces painted for a celebration .
an native american in a red and blue dress sitting and picking at some green grass .
two middle-aged men standing outside of a business that sells chairs .
two people with white helmets on riding in a yamaha red and black vehicle .
three guys looking out at the water with clouds in the sky .
"two smiling , small children , one child holding the other on a swing ."
a person doing a leap with his bike over a hill
a man sits in a glider cockpit on the landing strip .
a man wearing no shirt begins to jump from a drum into a crowd of others .
"an old man in a blue shirt , working on a workbench ."
a mom is taking a picture with her two small daughters .
the woman is resting her head on her hand and sitting in a crowded area .
a woman and a boy are sitting and eating at a table .
an artist wearing a red jacket and blue jeans painting on the street while wearing headphones .
four kayakers on a moutain stream .
the bmx rider wearing a black helmet gets air off of a jump .
a woman is a little scared because a bird landed on her shoulder while she was in the warehouse .
a boy is skateboarding in a skateboard park .
bearded man in a blue jacket walking down the street .
an old man sleeping in a wheelchair outside of a building .
some people are applying for something .
two young men wearing potato sacks pull a decorated cart down a street onlookers watch on the side of the street .
a newly married couple laughs during their reception .
a bride and groom are dancing with each other with their backs turned to one another .
two dogs play rough with each other indoors .
a man lying on a park bench with a bottle of alcohol next to him .
a little girl in a yellow dress is prancing down the sidewalk .
a girl wearing yellow jumps over a red and green rope .
men in helmets walk down a crowded street at night .
a man in black clothes standing on what appears to be a black locomotive .
a man and a woman are smiling
a bride and a groom are sitting by a tree smiling at one another .
a dog staring at the end of an ice cream cone .
young man on a trick bicycle jumping off a masonry pyramid .
a woman sits against a wall in a fancy building .
woman in a field of tall grass and wildflowers holding up a yellow scarf
man paddling a yellow canoe on a river .
young man sitting on a blanket in the grass and eating a ribs .
one man sawing a tree and two men picking up debris .
surgeons observe a doctor in green scrubs performing a surgery .
man working with metal and a burning fire at his side .
this little girl is laying in a pile of leaves .
a four piece string band performing .
the man in the blue shirt held a knife and got ready to cut the sheet cake .
there are numerous people sitting in gray chairs .
boy skating on a railing in a parking lot .
some children are sitting on rafts in a lake .
a man on a rough working on the rough made of straw .
a biker does a trick on a ramp .
a woman in nursing bra in bed asleep with a sleeping baby .
"boy skating on skateboard , photographed from low angle ."
a girl with brown hair is getting her hair styled by a lady in a pink shirt .
a man is taking a shower .
a man on a motorcycle riding on a track and waving .
a man putting bundles of hay onto a cart .
one brown dogs snarls at the other dog while they both are in the snow .
a father and son enjoying lunch after a morning of shopping .
a little boy in a bathrobe sits on a bench near the shower in a bathroom .
a piece of cake is being served on a paper plate .
a girl and guy in the middle of a field practice exercises .
an asian woman holding a fan watches traffic go by .
a man in runner 's  gear is pushing a stroller down the beach .
a group of people are sorting white and red bags .
a man wearing a t-shirt and baseball cap uses a shovel .
boys play soccer near a goal post .
a dog jumps in the air next to a man on the beach .
"a man standing against a building , in the sunlight , as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture"
a man with a guitar in a band singing into a microphone .
a little boy playing on gymnastics equipment .
a woman is scooping ice cream at a table with candy and toppings on it in clear bowls .
a race cars muffler catches on fire .
woman wearing nun 's  veil eating a sandwich in a crowded area .
a man in a red uniform jumping on a sports field
a man hangs onto something as he is being pulled through the water .
a man does a jump trick on a bike .
two men look on as a third puts laundry detergent in a washer .
"people playing , basketball ball in air"
two young men perform martial arts in front of a basketball hoop .
profile of bride and groom cutting wedding cake .
an indian woman stands knee deep in a body of water washing her clothes .
a group of people watching a large explosion .
three children wait at a table for a cake to be sliced .
an adult couple enjoys time in a hot tub .
"several young boys dressed in orange robes , standing with arms raised along side a river with boats ."
children are pulling on a rope .
two young boys are carrying a large object across a wooden deck .
adults and children gathered outdoors under a slatted roof socializing
children wearing costumes sit in front of a imac monitor .
a man is working with hot metal parts .
people walk through what looks like a dry and ravaged field .
a man walking on a beach that has trash .
a large group of teenagers mill around on a patio .
people watching a baseball game through the fence .
a group of people are picking up trash on a beach .
a young boy runs along a boardwalk towards a pigeon .
"a group of people , big and small , in a public place ."
"people sit , eat , and relax in the shade ."
a sailor directs a group of people while they are on a boat .
a man with long brown hair is reading a map .
tourist that are taking a tour amongst natives in the rocky canyon .
man in jeans and sweatshirt jumping in air on wet surface that shows reflection .
a man jumping on the hard ground .
long-haired man in blue jeans carrying red bass drum above his head while talking on the phone .
"rollerblader in green shirt and hat , slides down a green handrail next to steps"
a person swimming in a swimming pool .
a man in a yellow and yellow shirt puts his arm around a man in a blue shirt .
a man with a backpack crosses a busy street .
a lone bicyclist wearing a helmet racing in a race .
pitbull holding a plaid dish towel in its mouth .
a man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna .
male biker bikes through the woods .
greyhound dog in yellow jersey and running on a dirt track .
a skateboarder jumping in front of a building .
a small girl wearing pink sleeps on a man 's  lap as they ride in an airplane .
person in a 3-wheeler driving on 2 wheels .
a dog wearing the number four runs in a race .
a group of people playing football form a big pile .
a female drinking a frothy beverage from a large clear mug .
someone having fun on their surfboard in the clear blue ocean .
a person is doing tricks on a bicycle in a city .
young girls playing soccer .
"a man with glasses , a coat and scarf stands in front of a blue wall with an open book ."
a guy in a blue shirt is sleeping on outdoors .
a little girl with blond-hair is outside playing with a small doll .
a small black dog chews on fingers .
one man is holding a beer and the other is taking a bite of food .
two men and three children are at the beach .
a man is flying down a flight of stairs on his skateboard .
one woman browsing the internet in the comfort of her home .
"two men and a woman are performing on stage in a  "" thomas the tank engine ""  play ."
a man in a robe is standing near candles .
"a smiling young woman in an orange jacket and jeans , walking down a hiking trail ."
a lady and a man are nature lovers .
a girl walks towards some sheep in a grassy valley .
a young couple lying in bed .
a middle-aged woman is vacuuming her kitchen floor with a canister vac .
"a horse and rider , jumping a barrier on a course ."
a brown dog is running between two gray poles that are very close together .
a woman with a yellow shoulder bag gives a man a massage .
one man in a blue jersey is running holding a football
the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth .
a man walking down the street is passing a brick door .
a dirt bike takes a turn .
a man with a number 12 on his chest is mid-stride while running a race .
"a middle-aged man participating in a marathon , running in a street ."
a woman in a dark blue hat and a windbreaker jacket jogging with headphones in her ears .
three greyhounds are in a dog race at the track .
a lady in a blue shirt is watching her three kids playing on the playground .
a man performs a back flip while preparing for an outdoor performance or competition .
a brown dog runs over a dirt and grass background .
two girls with brown hair and blue shirts are clapping .
the guy in the white jacket has a blue hat on .
five women wearing skimpy red and black outfits pose .
a bunch of race runners grouped together with red and blue balloons in the background .
"a runner dressed in red , white , and blue is running ."
a woman in a blue tank top and spandex shorts is running in a race and a man is catching up to her .
"a man and a woman , dressed in black and white , run a marathon ."
a man and a woman are competing in a road rice .
a runner holds up an index finger while she runs .
a man in a black vest and a woman in a white jacket are running in a race .
a female hiker is looking at the view of some mountains .
man following through on a bowling shot made in an alley .
2 kids holding hands and smiling .
"a woman , dressed in old fashioned clothing sews a piece of material as she sits in a wooden chair besides a red brick building ."
"minivan drives down wet urban street at night , splashing water ."
a man jumps off a spring board and spins in the air with other athletes in the background .
a man wearing a jeans jacket is smiling
"two girls wait on the street while wearing tight , barely there clothing ."
a brown dog up to its neck in water
two women sit next to each other at a table in a crowded restaurant .
military personnel with giant scissors standing under a 'grand opening' sign .
a guy wearing a gray shirt and an orange jumpsuit working on the railroad .
old man in black coat and hat sitting against brick building .
a man standing on a beach is playing with two dogs .
a lady in jeans and a jacket walks carrying her backpack over her shoulder .
a crowd is looking at a shrine while holding their hands in the air
a man on a roller scooter holding on to rope
"two men trying to give directions and failing completely , confusing their victim in the process ."
a group of people are gathered in a public area .
a woman wearing a black tank top and a colorful skirt is looking at the available machines in a laundromat .
a woman in a market sorting the lettuce .
a little girl with a blue shirt is standing by a man wearing sunglasses on the beach .
a man rides a motorcycle on a track .
a man in blue and black surfs on a huge white wave .
four men working below a scaffolding around an open work site .
"a man in a black shirt , covered in paintball splatter , makes a face ."
a surfer vertical in a wave with another approaching him
a family is playing in a pool and one of the young boys is shooting something with water .
a laughing woman wears a purple feathered hat and caution tape .
several people are standing on a sidewalk near a man leaning against a pole .
a man is at his job working construction .
a man standing on concrete outside wearing a red shirt and gray pants .
a boy in a red hat admires a barely dressed woman .
tall man slightly dodging a bull in the center of an arena while other people look on .
a silhouette of one dog chasing another dog .
a woman swinging a tennis racket on an outdoor court .
someone is using two poles to hike on a mountain .
a metal worker in a lift is cutting a rusty girder .
a boy is posing next to his scooter .
the little girl in pink is eating a burrito .
karate class is fixing to start .
"a man in a blue long sleeves shirt and cloth wrapped around his head , getting ready to smoke ."
a person performing a bodyless bicycle jump over dirt ramps .
three people are on a white surface in front of a fenced in area .
a group of people that finished playing tennis .
the man is walking towards a group of people on a long dirt road .
two women jogging down the street .
the two light colored dogs are pulling on a blue object that is in their mouths .
a woman in a blue skirt stands as the train passes by .
protesters in a city promoting the cause to stop hunger and war .
a tackle in a football game .
women in purple outfit and man with red shirt using red teeter totter
"a man in an orange shirt , wearing a headset is surrounded by food ."
two black dogs run in the sand by a pier .
two men standing on red seesaws .
a white dog runs in the surf with his mouth open
dirt bike rider jumping down the hill .
a boxer with a red helmet has water sprayed into his mouth by his coach in the boxing ring .
a boy is jumping off a swing
a child in a striped shirt pets a white goat that is laying down .
the black dog is running on the grass .
a black dog with a red collar is walking through water .
two males on a street corner crooswalk with a billboard behind them .
a clown with a red nose blows a bubble .
a mother sits with three children as they eat ice cream .
a windsurfer falls off his boat in the ocean .
a little dog running between yellow poles .
young boy doing the backstroke in a swimming competition for his school .
a gray dog with a muzzle running .
an individual is scrapping the bottom of their right food with a blade they have in their hand .
two young women snooze at their restaurant table .
a white greyhound dog is wearing a red jacket with the number one printed on it .
a little boy wearing a green jersey playing soccer .
"a woman sits on the floor , working on an apple laptop ."
a bike mechanic is working on fixing his bike before the big race .
a group of high school students are walking along the sidewalk next to a building .
two asian women stand and talk by a street .
several people are riding on back and sides of a car .
two men speaking in front of a red box statue .
"an asian marching band with uniformed members in beige , yellow , and red play in the street ."
several children practicing martial arts with wooden swords
a little girl is dressed in a pink ballerina costume .
a person is on a ramp on a skateboard .
an asian man with a headband and face paint hard at work .
a man is laying back while a man and woman look in his direction .
a guy on a waterskiing board is doing a stunt .
a little girl holding a tennis shoe .
"a young woman with blond-hair , wearing a gray dress , and red tights , listens to music as she walks briskly to her destination ."
a woman is standing outside near many bicycles .
an old asian woman is sitting in front of a subway train and passengers are walking by her .
a man in mid - air while going down a sand-dune .
two blond dogs are standing together on a patio .
small child playing in grass near sprinklers .
a woman with a hooded sweatshirt and bikini bottoms holding a camera at beach side .
woman riding a dressed up horse on the road .
asian police in blue uniforms are standing in front of a construction site .
little boy scout leaning on a full outdoor table of asian diners .
a man and a woman are preparing a meal .
"two elderly women walking across a street , smiling ."
a white dog is running through the water onto the shore .
a small tan dog is jumping over a chain linked fence .
three dogs are in a fenced yard and one is jumping off the fence .
a blond woman walking a plaza in front of brightly colored buildings .
a soccer participant is trying to hit a ball while an opposing team member runs behind him .
a girl with pink hair is brushing herself .
a man puts on some work gloves as people set up tables for an event .
a motorcyclist doing a trick while in the air .
"a blond-haired girl is putting on a bike helmet with a sticker that reads  "" cool cats ""  displayed on it ."
person riding bike on dirt track in wooded area
many football players are running on the grassy field .
a football player catching the football .
one football player attempts to get the ball from another football player who is running .
an asian woman plays a drum .
a man in a black t-shirt and blue jeans is pulling himself up with his arms on a big iron structure .
a man is trying to catch a baseball .
"a man on a bike is wearing a helmet , logo shirt , and is pointing at you ."
a young boy plays in the water by the ocean .
a white woman wearing white pants and a black top is waiting for the bus to come .
group of women doing a presentation off an easel .
"three men are doing a musical set with wires and equipment all over the stage , and they are holding unique guitar like instruments ."
a man in a blue jacket rubs his forehead .
a man is receiving a kiss from a toddler while holding an infant .
man walking down a dirt road with stores on the side .
two people look up from their microscopes in the middle of a crowd .
three men are having a discussion behind a tow truck .
a car with a heavily damaged anterior is being pushed through the intersection by a few people and a police officer .
a businessman in a yellow tie gives a frustrated look .
"three men , two wearing yellow suits , are looking in the back of a car ."
"guy with blue shirt and glasses , frantically with arms outstretched communicates ."
"a businessman wearing a suit , appears to be upset , and he pinches his brow as he sits before multiple computer monitors ."
firefighters attempt to put out a wildfire in new mexico .
the little girl in white is bouncing on a multicolored inflatable .
a dune buggy goes down a hill .
a man wearing an astro boy t-shirt and wearing a baseball hat is cleaning a pool .
a news interview with a man
three miners in a field searching for gold .
a little girl wears her helmet while she rides her bike .
two girls riding on an amusement part ride .
a blueish green car on a dirt road splashing water on the left .
a man on the subway holds his bags and looks at a book .
a man on a motorcycle is silhouetted by the sunset .
a man in a chef 's  jacket is seated at a white table and writing in a book .
"a orange , white , and black motorcyclist racing ."
"a person is climbing a wooden ladder on a very steep , jagged , rock cliff ."
the dog is jumping on to the couch
a group of kids are sitting next to each other on a green cloth trading materials .
a city street is shown with pedestrians and a man standing beside a food cart .
"six men climbing a pole in the water , four men are shirtless and the other two are wearing shirts , one is white and one is blue ."
people crossing a bridge over a body of water at sunset .
a bmx biker flies in the air off of a ramp .
a man in a black hat pushes against a giant rock .
a man in a sweatshirt and blue jeans is taking a nap on a bench .
two young males watch another male skateboarding at a skate park .
a boy is riding a plastic sled down a snowy surface .
a group of school children practice dancing .
a man holding a white helmet is running on a street .
two men sweeping and picking up a street covered in trash .
a middle-aged lady with glasses and a multi-color striped shirt is holding a newborn baby .
a man is playing with a black and white dog .
girl in blue tries to get a base runner number 11 out during softball game .
a dog jumps to catch an orange frisbee .
a woman at the stove wearing a blue oven mitt takes a sip from her wine .
2 people with white hats looking over the mountain
a group of people are standing in the sand trying to hold a large pole .
a husky dog running through a yellow tunnel at an obstacle course .
two little girls are playing in the fountains .
a couple playing with a little boy on the beach .
a young blond boy climbing on a playground .
two white bunnies are outside on the grass .
"this girl is outside , kicking leaves , in a field where there are trees in the background ."
four young boys dressed in uniform play football .
there is a guy with headphones around his neck next to a guy in a hat looking off-screen .
soccer player wipes face with blue jersey .
an enthusiastic crowd of people kicking a red ball around on a grassy field .
six young people are laughing and leaping into the air .
three men laugh as one falls to the ground holding a white ball .
a person is surfing a big wave .
a brown dog is playing with a white fluffy stuffed animal .
three brown dogs on the patchy grass .
"a man wearing a black shirt and white shorts , along with three other people , are around a ping-pong table ."
two football teams playing a game
a blond woman reads with a drink in hand and oreos nearby .
two girls wearing bikins are standing in the lake .
a young man does tricks with his bike on a course .
crowd sitting in a tent after a meal .
an elderly person with a brick wall in the background .
a man doing a handstand outside of a garage .
a woman is reaching out of the shot and leaning over necklaces and jewelery .
a man is climbing the mountain .
this artist in the res shirt chisels away at the stone to create a masterpiece .
five people are looking at something interesting through a glass .
a show jumper is making a brown horse jump over a white fence .
a person above their surfboard on the water .
a view from above of someone tending to trays of fish for sale .
a woman intensely playing tennis in an all-white outfit .
a security guard in a blue shirt moving through an airport .
a man in a suit waits for the subway
a woman with straight brown hair and a green sweater is looking at another woman with pinned up hair and star-shaped earrings .
workers work to clean up debris on the beach .
"a group of people are on a covered area talking , and some of them are wearing volunteer for parks t-shirt ."
a black dog rolling in the green grass .
the family of a soldier walk beside him down a path full of leaves .
people at beach wearing gloves collecting trash
a couple goes around the beach picking up garbage .
a woman with sunglasses standing at a table with condiments .
peeking through a doorway to see a man walking with a bike in the evening light .
a worker peers out from atop a building under construction .
a very large brown dog is playing with a smaller curly-haired dog .
a young boy in a blue jacket hula hoops .
a man wearing a hat is dancing around an area filled with light and graffiti .
the rugby players are competing for the ball with onlookers nearby .
a couple is married in a church as guests look on .
a young boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch .
a curly-haired kid is throwing axes at bulls' head painted targets .
two girls at a restaurant are eating .
three men react as a football flies overhead .
a man taking a daring leap while practicing his parkour
"a silver car being driven in a parking lot , while crowds watch ."
a group of men in ethnic dress are dancing .
the man in the blue shirt is kissing a woman in front of a wedding cake .
three people are cleaning up a beach .
a group of teens and a group of adult men talk amongst themselves in an outdoor area .
brunette woman running tongue over teeth .
two white girls holding up signs advertising for a car wash fundraiser .
a black car on the street behind wire mesh .
a child is trying to keep from falling off of a sheep in the rodeo ring .
military man shakes hand with a man in a suit as onlookers watch .
an asian man dressed in a white shirt and blue jeans gives a powerpoint presentation .
a member of the us army accepts an award from an asian man .
"uniformed soldiers are in line in a cafeteria , receiving the food that they have chosen ."
man and a child at an exhibit booth looking at something .
a guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air .
two dogs running in a field in front of a house .
a woman and a boy sitting on a bus .
three people with white gloves on picking up trash on a beach .
"two women are smiling as they fish together , one with a net , and another with a fishing pole ."
man in army uniform speaking to two asian men in suits .
"several men of asian descent , along with us military members , are sitting in a lunch meeting , while talking informally and ordering their food ."
a woman is shaking hands with an american soldier .
a man in military uniform points as three other men watch .
three soldiers in fatigues are sitting around a table .
"three soldiers are having a discussion in front of a playground , while others look on ."
lifeguards gather at the beach patrol station .
a person with gray hair and a gray outfit is lying down on a bench .
"several people , some holding umbrellas , ride a long boat down a river ."
two women and a man on blue and yellow seats in public transportation .
a young girl rides on a horse through a trail .
"three women sitting on the end of a pier , drinking , splashing their feet , and laughing ."
three soccer players collide in a rush for the ball .
a group of hockey players slide along the ice during a game .
a dog jumps in the air with a lady standing near .
"an artist is painting a picture of a woman that is modeling with a japanese umbrella , while standing on the beach ."
the man in the black leather jacket is jousting from his bicycle .
three women are climbing a wire tower while wearing little clothing .
several people are eating and talking while another plays the piano .
asian man walking in a muddy stream pushing a wooden tool .
two cowboys on horses chase a young cow with lassos' .
a large construction site with many vehicles in a city .
a boy with a yellow shirt and gray pants playing ball alone .
a dirt road that has trees on one side and run down buildings on the other .
two men sit on a bench surrounded by plant life .
a woman in pink pants walking beside a little boy riding a toy .
two players hustle during a soccer game .
a man in an orange vest is facing away from the camera rising on a bus .
a little girl sliding down a slide at a playground .
a middle-aged man 's  shaving his beard in a room with white walls which does n't  look like a bathroom .
a middle-aged woman has fallen asleep on the train .
two yellow dogs play in a green plastic pool .
a man is popping balloons inside a cubicle using a handmade tool .
a young boy dressed in slacks and layered tops uses a leaf blower in a grassy area by a street .
a child is on the ground crying .
a small boy looking at things through a microscope
a greyhound is active in a grassy field .
small girl in a colorful shirt looking at a flower in a living room .
two little girls are in a meadow looking at nature objects .
two men dressed in white hit a ball while a third man walks up .
a man watches as a woman cleans a pool .
young boy with a small soccer ball .
a group of people are having conversation while drinking some beer .
a child in a red shirt is sitting against a wall with a map while eating .
a little boy sleeps in his blue stroller .
a child is touching dough on a cutting board .
a dad with his child and an apple pie .
a man sits by a window on a train .
a dog walking through the water at the ocean .
a man performs a skateboarding trick on a cement monument in a city park .
two dogs race across the track .
a woman is sitting and holding a partially woven basket .
two men on motorcycles are driving down an empty street .
a man in a green shirt and black hat playing a guitar on stage .
a teenage boy does tricks jumping across a railing .
a yellow dog plays with a large stick in the grass .
two packs of sled dogs meet .
a girl is standing in the street waving her arm as cars pass by .
a young man sits on a chair with one shoe off .
a blond-haired woman covers her mouth as a man in a black shirt motions with his hands .
"girl and a boy , playing tennis ."
people running a race and the guy in gray is in the lead .
a man and a woman are standing in a forest .
two men in black shirts playing electric instruments in a room .
a person riding a bicycle going over a raised platform .
a woman sitting on one of a row of green chairs is holding a microphone .
a man and a boy watch a dog leap to catch a ball .
a woman with a long ponytail and a man with short hair enjoy a laugh while eating dessert .
seated street musician in black derby plays wind instrument with no one listening or watching .
a man carrying bags of vegetables in one hand and a tray of vegetables in the other .
"guards at a concert , woman in red dress on stage ."
the child is riding a vehicle along a gated path next to a beach area .
a guy stands at his london tourist stand .
the boy in the red jersey runs with the football .
woman that is playing a bass .
a runner in black is passing an outdoor florist shop .
young women gather for a small party .
several people gathered in a kitchen around an island eating .
a snowboarder is in midair doing a trick .
many women in colorful saris are entering a stone building .
two big brow dogs who look alike wrestle .
a worker welding some metal wearing full protective gear while he is sitting down
a cowboy with a white hat fails to wrangle a calf at a rodeo .
three children are playing on the shoreline with a ferry docked in the background .
a young child jumping in a pile of leaves
two women and a man are standing next to a picnic table covered in food and water .
two men writing in the sand on a rocky beach .
a man smiles as he looks down at an orange sports car that 's  parked at a curb .
a man in a green shirt roping a calf in a rodeo arena .
a lioness is chasing a black bison across a grassy plain .
a football player runs past an official carrying a football .
"an older man , who is pilot of a plane , is smiling ."
a boat turns right in an open river .
a blond person stands in front of a building with outstretched arms .
a boy does a skateboard trick .
a young boy is performing tricks with a skateboard at a skate park .
men play saxaphones outside a building .
"a man is doing a skateboarding trick , known as the ollie , over a staircase ."
a brown dog is on the green grass .
two boys in blue shirts fighting behind a gray car and two other children .
three women jump happily after finishing a road race .
a snowboarder launches into the air over white snow
two men are playing soccer on a grassy field .
a rock band plays on a zune stage while many people watch .
a band playing outside a zune building .
kids are in the park waiting to try the big blow up activity .
people dressed as santa in a club with green balloons .
a boy riding a thomas the tank engine scooter and a girl riding a pink scooter are on the sidewalk .
the runner dons a batman uniform for the race
a goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal .
a bicycler jumping over a barrier with his bike .
an older man looks over a younger man wielding an ax chopping wood in a fall setting .
two hockey players compete on the ice .
a little boy is attempting to do a cartwheel .
surfers on a huge ocean wave at sunset .
a dog shaking off water after playing in the water with a frisbee .
"a little girl swings , a woman stands behind her ."
a person in a large pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a man and a woman dressed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back .
a man and woman kissing in front of a white statue
a blond girl in a black cape stands with other children in costumes .
a man with glasses and a green beanie falling asleep on the subway .
two small white dogs wearing muzzles jumping over a small item .
a treat vendor is standing in the sun while others sit in the shade under umbrellas .
a man plays guitar and sings into a microphone .
race cars at night in the rain .
a group of people enjoying a hot air balloon ride .
group sets up for martial arts fight .
a surfer rides a large wave on a blue board .
a lady and a kid in a strawberry ride
a man in a blue shirt takes a break from digging in a river .
three people acting in a play .
a group of people with children are performing on a stage .
a person in the air on a bike .
a lone rock climber climbing a rock wall
german shepherd jumping through black hoop while people watch
a little girl sitting on a chair is blowing up a giant yellow balloon .
a man wearing a vegas shirt has an open suitcase beside him .
"a worker , elevated on a piece of equipment , is trying to repair a pole near a window ."
two young men are leaping exuberantly on an outdoor plaza .
four men wearing orange vests are at a construction site .
two workers are walking around a construction site .
a man in a sweatshirt with a hat is looking over a bridge at a lake .
a baby is pulling the cat by the tail .
a blond little boy with green and blue shorts is digging a hole in wet sand .
three dogs play in the grass near the playground equipment .
women in the fields working in a farm planting rice seeds .
an old man looking pensive as he stares off his balcony .
"a crowd waits outside a subway train , ready to board ."
a person doing a bicycle trick over a wooden ramp .
a woman in a red dress is standing next to a girl looking at water .
a dog runs across the grass .
a football player folding a football during a game in the mud
a group of people wearing hats are gathering with big bags .
"one soccer player wearing a blue , samsung sponsored jersey is stumbling over another falling soccer player wearing a red jersey ."
the surfer is in the wave .
a crowd walks on a sidewalk shortly after it has rained .
"a middle-aged woman in stylish clothes , holding a camera ."
a man standing outside in front of a field with a big yellow sack on his shoulder .
a woman speaks into a bullhorn on a cold night .
people wait in line to board a double decker bus under streetlights
a little boy is playing with sand at the beach .
boys do skateboarding maneuvers with an american flag in the background .
a man and woman are kissing and taking a picture of themselves .
a man sits at a table in front of a large mural .
a man sitting on a subway .
"several people , including a young girl with a pink top and shorts , waiting at a bus stop ."
a boy in a green short is running in the sand .
a kid is walking and he is pushing his toy
boy and white dog running in grassy field
a woman sits at a desk and types on a computer .
two dirt bike riders in midair .
men in a cluster during a bike race
the brown german shepherd dog is playing with a stick .
a woman holding a purse stands at the edge of a rocky ledge and looks out at the trees .
a couple walking the beach together probably remembering good times .
a pitcher and catcher celebrate striking another baseball player out in a pro game .
five people sitting around a table looking over some papers .
"a large crowd of people , some with their hands in the air , gather in a large building ."
the five people are standing under three tan arches .
two women hug while a third gets out of the car .
three chinese women are discussing something .
two women are crossing a bridge over a narrow waterway .
a man dressed as a clown riding a bicycle in a race .
a toddler boy in overalls sliding down an orange slide
lots of people are enjoying a concert .
a group of people are standing along a wall waiting for something .
a man is holding up his hand by a flag .
a baby happily stacks his legos near his playpen .
the white duck is swimming with a black dog
military arrest a man in the middle of the street .
male gathering straw to make huts .
two ladies wearing hats and a man pushing a stroller were passing a spa treatment facility .
a man doing the bicycle on a public area bench .
a man is jumping a rock on an orange dirt bike .
"three musicians are seated on chairs , playing their respective instruments ."
a little boy in a blue hoodie is spinning the handle of a crank operated machine .
tennis players are seen conversing on the court .
a girl dressed in a halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background .
a man in a flannel shirt is chiseling a rock .
a child dressed in purple and an adult dressed in black .
a girl doing a kick near a woman .
a middle-aged blond woman is directing an object onto a trolley .
a snowboarder grinding down a side rail .
a young boy with blond-hair smiling while posing on a tree branch .
five boys playing outside in a fenced-in backyard .
everybody is dressed as a zombie at this party .
two girls in red costumes play together .
man in a police costume next to a man in a zombie costume .
man and women in a halloween costume having a conversation
a green pull wagon is parked under a tree in a shaded area .
a man on a motorbike in midair
a group of middle-aged people with laptops and notebooks are paying attention to something .
a man rollerblading on a metal bar .
two opposing male players are chasing the ball in field hockey .
"two musicians are carrying speakers , guitars , and musical equipment ."
a group of amish people are standing outside of a church .
man with mask on raises hand .
a woman giving a baby a bath in a specialized baby bather .
two men play basketball .
a basketball player looks for someone to pass the ball to .
the basketball player in blue is challenging the player in orange for the ball .
a man in an ozzy t-shirt looks at his breakfast of poached eggs and toast with coffee on the side .
two men with short hair are working .
a large group of people are protesting something on a street-corner .
a couple dressed in odd costumes .
a white dog wearing a red collar is jumping up from the grass .
two men from opposite teams playing basketball .
a man in a miami basketball uniform looking to the right
a white woman looking outside her window in broad daylight .
a small girl brushing an older girls hair with a white brush .
a little girl looking through a newspaper .
a man is lifting heavy rocks and stacking them on top of one another .
looking through a vehicle 's  windshield at a dog crossing the road .
a man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an axe .
a baseball player swinging a bat
a group of young men sit on rock and look in the distance .
a man standing at a microphone in front of a large crowd .
a young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry .
man and woman standing close together while another man watches .
a woman stamds in the middle of a brick road .
"a computer lab in a school , five people pictured ."
a little boy sleeping on a striped couch while wrapped in a white blanket .
soldiers are washing pans in red tubs .
a man in an orange shirt and blue helmet races his bike .
several horsemen are riding past each other carrying flags .
"older woman in yellow jacket , holds sign saying  "" down and out ""  in urban area ."
man with striped shirt on standing next to his motorcycle .
a man in a blue coat walks a small white animal as a buss passes in the background .
military personnel learning how to shoot their rifles .
cyclists are carrying their bicycles up a steep grassy hill .
middle-aged balding man sitting looking at two computer monitors .
a girl in an orange shirt lights candles .
guy and girl kiss at train station .
a tan dog is sitting in some snow
two dogs play with each other in the leaves .
several people in a band jumping up and down to the music .
this band is playing on a stage .
several people are marching and one is holding a menorah as he marches .
a group of young men throwing rocks in a foreign country .
a boy wearing a blue wetsuit rides on a blue surfboard .
the proud dog returns with the toy it fetched .
a very busy city street at night with bicyclists and taxis in the road .
a man with a blue sports jacket and another with a green shirt are looking towards the camera .
a large crowd of people are walking in an open air food bazaar .
a seated boy plays the accordion .
a woman is eating what appears to be a mussel .
"a woman with a dog descends an outdoor staircase , a bus behind her ."
a one armed man swimming holding a drinking bottle in the pool .
3 women cooking in a kitchen .
a man plays a yellow guitar while a cat watches him .
girls walking in the street on a sunny day .
a chef and his two sous chefs prepare a dish in a restaurant .
a dog licking his lips in a room with no food in its dish .
four construction workers are working at night in the city by the water .
a boy and a girl dancing .
several young boys wearing blue helmets and blue and red life jackets on a raft
a man gets lots of air time as he wakeboards .
people completing a ballot while children are sitting behind them on the floor watching .
a woman waving from between two piles of dried corn husk .
"a little girl is playing with a large , white poodle in the driveway next to a police car ."
a dog chasing a pink ball .
"an elderly woman wearing a striped hat , sunglasses , scarf , and blue plaid shirt ."
a group of people making excited expressions with their hands
a man with a cast is using a camcorder to record an enjoyable event .
"a young women wears an  "" obama ""  t-shirt ."
"a group of young women , one up in the air ."
people riding their bikes and shopping late at night .
a group of men dressed in suits are standing on a stage .
four soccer players play on the pavement .
"two women , one playing an instrument and one dancing , are at the shore of a beach ."
a man in black holds up an obama 08 sign .
an man of african heritage is wearing a gray shirt and silver neck chain .
"woman sitting on a tall , white wall ."
"men and women are gathered at a cluttered store , clothes hung on racks are scattered throughout"
a dog chews on a stick .
a woman with a scarf on her head walks down a wooden boardwalk .
a toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling .
an old man takes a nap in a rickshaw .
"average , everyday people walk by a facility ."
two men are sitting on a grassy hillside wearing bike helmets .
crouching man peering through a row of light blue and gray uniformed men .
a closeup of a man shooting a handgun into the woods .
the lady is waiting to clean the bathrooms .
a woman in boots sings and plays keyboards from an elevated stage to a seated crowd .
a woman in a dress playing her acoustic guitar .
a man talks on a cellphone while holding an obama campaign sign .
a man wearing an obama t-shirt and holding a coffee cup .
a man in a green shirt reclines in a lounge chair in a living room of a house .
a small race car with advertising is driving on a rainy track .
several people are picking through crops at an urban market .
an asian child carries produce in a round basket down the sunny street .
an asian woman gets out of a taxi in the middle of town at night .
people yell with their arms streched at night .
a group of men and women are in wedding attire .
a little girl is ecstatic after opening a present at her birthday party .
the black dog is running down the grassy knoll to jump in the water below .
a man and a child stand nearby each other within a tribal group .
a hunter is holding a bird in one hand and his gun in the other .
a man in a orange safety vest holding up an animal he shot .
there is a man holding a gun in a corn field .
four men with orange safety gear walking through a field .
a young boy in a red shirt climbs a playground rock wall .
a woman sits and watches another woman play in the pool .
a boy jumping with a sunset in the background .
woman text on phone while man on bike passes her by .
"a black man and a large , golden dog are on the beach ."
rafts and a helicopter over water .
a man is in freefall from a point at which others are observing .
"at the shooting range , a man in a green jacket practices his shooting ."
two men in wife beaters sit in front of a bunch of dead birds .
kids aggressively getting ready for a play in football .
a dog trots with a ball in its mouth .
a group of young children playing hopscotch on a sidewalk .
guy mowing lawn and listening to the radio at the same time .
a man in the shower with a mohawk made out of shampoo .
a young blond child in a white polo shirt is using a toothbrush on a frog statue .
people are walking down a busy city street .
"a kid , in a gray hoodie , having the back towards the camera , is holding up an american flag ."
a young girl walks among vegetation and flowers .
four children are sitting on the ground next to a tree that is white around the trunk .
group of guys sitting in a circle .
salyo the clown prepares to make a balloon animal for little girl in pink jacket .
three men draping a rope across a road .
two young men stand in a room holding technical equipment .
a small bird sold something in its beak .
a woman in blue sweater points while standing with a group of other women .
"two men in suites sway to the left , one holding a briefcase ."
an atv racer blasts down the track sending dirt flying everywhere .
three people walking along a stream in a jungle .
two adults and two children are riding bicycles down a street .
sled dogs pull a sled through a snowy forest .
a man wearing a yellow shirt jumps into a lake surrounded by two waterfalls .
a boy looks into his telescope in a grassy field .
a black and white dog on an orange leash jumps in a field .
a soccer referee points as he directs a soccer player in blue during a soccer game .
a man in athletic attire walks across a green grassy sports field while cameramen look on .
boxes of fruit and vegetables wait in a dark market .
a large group of people all driving jeeps down a two lane path .
it seems like this man is preparing to bake something .
a runner heading toward a base while the baseman tries to tag him out .
people in blue outfits are carrying supplies .
here is a picture of african americans standing with doo-rags on their head .
two people at the bowling alley .
a blond girl with a poster poses with a black-haired girl .
three people wear a lot of makeup and stand together .
a toddler in a white sweatshirt is getting ready to grab the pole .
boy in a helmet riding his bike in a marathon .
a dog runs down a footbride in the fall .
a group of friends is posing in a pub .
a girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit .
a woman is laying on the beach next to her bike .
a indian female seamstress works on a piece of cloth .
a young man leaps through the air from a rocky mountaintop .
people move furniture through the second-story window of a building using ropes and pulleys .
the three people are playing around with a fake knife .
the man wears a white hat and poses with a blond woman and a black-haired woman .
a couple hugs while holding a plastic tiger .
two children are dressed up like characters in michael jackson 's  'thriller' video .
woman in sunglasses accompanied by a man in a safari outfit .
a man in a fancy pattern jacket stands outside a club with two ladies .
a black and brown dog playing in the water at a beach .
a girl in a pink checkered coat walks down a hallway followed by another younger girl .
overhead view of several people going up and down a staircase .
a man is listening to headphones standing in front of two tattered american flags
two woman competing in a sporting event
three speed skaters racing down the ice rink .
child in bathing suite walking towards water on beach .
two people are walking down the street holding hands in the fall .
a man sits with his dog in front of a painted wall .
"group class for martial arts , some in uniform and some not , taking place in an outdoor facility ."
young boys line up at the line of scrimmage during a football game on a gray day .
a man catches a huge wave on his surfboard .
three girls jumping on a trampoline .
a wrestler is falling onto another wrestler who is laying in a ring .
a nurse preparing to wrap a newborn baby up .
"person on a bike wearing a cone hat , with different items in the front basket of the bike and tied to the back of the bike ."
a young skateboarder looks off into the distance .
a group of 7 women and a man in a building taking pictures and talking .
a little boy wearing a coat buried up to his shoulders in leaves .
a race car driver smiles and gives the thumbs up before a race .
a white male jumping in the sand on a beach .
a little asian girl holding a plastic bag with mickey mouse inside it .
a man walking down the street .
a black and white dog is biting on a pine cone on the grass .
a poor family is leaving their home with only a few belongings .
two boys are playing on very old architectural structures .
men in an office with computers and a projector screen .
a man wearing a t-shirt using a computer with a very large monitor .
a young boy and his dog lay together on the floor .
a man wearing a green shirt is skateboarding on a ramp beside a white fence .
a child sitting in a purple chair reading a book .
a woman in a race turning a corner .
the black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off .
a woman in a plaid skirt and black top plays an electric violin .
"a man waits by the side of the road , near a body of water ."
a man with glasses is listening to headphones and looking at a computer screen .
a man is drinking wine while sitting in a chair .
an asian couple kiss outdoors on their wedding day .
a child is playing in with paint in the kitchen .
two children playing on the side of an old white truck .
there is a girl playing a double bass instrument around other musicians .
"man in a black suit , white shirt and black bowtie playing an instrument with the rest of his symphony surrounding him ."
a girl in orange is hitting the ball in field hockey .
"on the waters edge , there are children who are playing in a sprinkler system ."
a little girl wearing pajamas is playing with blocks .
a man drives a red motorcycle with his daughter in his lap .
a baby crawling around in a grassy field .
a young boy is pushing an adult male in a wheelchair .
several women are playing musical instruments at someone 's  home .
a dog picks up a stick with his mouth while treading through water .
two people standing on a beach looking at seagulls and the surf .
two men are running side by side in a field .
a group of people dressed up and dancing .
two men and a woman sit at a bar table drinking glasses of beer .
"two scuba divers underwater , enjoying their time ."
a telephone repairman looks down from above while repairing his lines .
a young male surfing .
a boy in a striped shirt and hat does tricks on the steps .
people are crossing a street at night .
a young woman stands near the road with the red leaves behind her .
a man in a bright green jacket riding a bright yellow motorbike .
a group of children and women crouching aside a stream of water .
a brown dog runs through a orange tunnel .
one large brown dog running along side a black and white dog .
a wmoan is jumping off land and into a ditch .
a young woman in a dark green tennis outfit serves the ball .
a person in a red hat stand watches the onrushing waves .
a dog running through a field with a ball in its mouth
four small children sit on tall stools at a restaurant bar .
a man in a black sailor 's  uniform and white hat clenches his hands together and grits his teeth .
a girl in a pink shirt sitting on a red ball .
a dog is standing up against the kitchen counters trying to get into bags .
a man and a woman smiling at a crying baby .
several people are in a hot air balloon posing for the camera with a river in the background .
people sitting on the roof observing something in the distance .
a man in a light blue polo shirt plays an arcade game in the middle of a grocery store .
a young woman in a bright pink dress poses for the camera .
a man in a dark shiny suit plays the piano and sings on stage .
band playing in front of a crowd .
a man in a gray shirt plays the harmonica .
cheerleaders on a field practicing a move .
a young man in a black jacket asleep at a restaurant .
person on bicycle doing a trick on white fencing .
an asian woman in a pink shirt and tan pants is pulling on a pole while a little boy watches .
a barefoot and shirtless skateboarder rides along a road .
a group of greyhound dogs racing with muzzles covering their noses .
a man in a black shirt holds a large bushel of vegetables .
there are people standing and setting beside white tents with sad and worried faces as they look around at boards and trash scattered around the area .
a child carrying a large object on his head while looking at the camera .
a man wearing a gray shirt is tuning his guitar .
a man is singing into a microphone as others play instruments .
a person wearing a red scarf and a black jacket is standing in front of a small roadside shop next to a motorcycle and waving .
several surfers ride a wave approaching the beach .
"two young , smiling african children in colorful clothes are carrying a jug of water ."
an athelete takes a break and sits in the grass drinking water .
ice skater wearing blue suit while racing against other skaters .
a boy turns a handcrank in a courtyard .
a boy in a red sweatshirt rakes leaves into a pile .
a man sitting at a desk with a large pile of papers on his lap .
a dog wearing an orange vest scampers playfully across the grass .
a woman playing tennis preparing to serve the ball .
clad in galoshes she balances making quick work of the task at hand .
men and women walk past an artist on the sidewalk .
a man on a blue surfboard is on a wave .
two men holding their arms out from their bodies .
a black dog is running pasts a wire mesh fence with a blue bone shaped toy in its mouth .
this is a small blue green and white manual .
a man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene .
a small boy raising his hand and standing among a lot of orange pumpkins .
two people are sitting at a table outside of a building .
"the little girl tackles a man and makes the universal sign for  "" touchdown! "" "
a girl in colorful clothing is jumping on a bed with a color-block quilt .
three orca whales jump in a pool at seaworld .
a teenage boy wearing a blue and white uniform playing a form of hockey .
a woman holding a young boy slide down a water slide into a pool .
a group of guys holding another guy pose for a photo in front of a graffited trailer .
three male swimmers are competing is a swim meet .
a child is jumping into the water next to a pile of seaweed .
a brown dog jumping through the grass .
the german shepherd dog is chasing after a ball .
a german shepherd jumps left on patchy grass .
"several people are smiling as they wear crowns , garish hats , and painted faces ."
a man with a red wig and other people in costumes are gathered .
a person in a rainbow wig and colorful clothing shows something to a woman .
old woman missing teeth stands with metal object in hand .
small crowd standing on an ocean beach in the evening .
"these are four students , one is writing ."
three girls are sitting at desks and appear to be working intently .
a girl sits at a desk and reads a paper .
a group of people working in a unicef storage facility .
a young boy holds a green shovel .
a woman in yellow carries a child in the water .
men are trying to sell balloons and balls .
a group of elderly peddlers selling blow up balloons and toys along the side of a street .
man standing at a food and beverage stand .
"a man , a girl and a girl dressed like a nun are rehearsing in the kitchen in front of makings of hotdogs ."
a group of children eating cake .
"two males , one in a black shirt and one in a striped sweater , cook ."
a woman with scuba gear is preparing to jump into the water .
a group of children and two adults are sitting on a bench .
two soccer players kick a soccer ball .
a woman in a maroon scarf sits and looks out over a white rail .
three thin women in colorful dresses .
a group of people in black shirts walking on wet cement through a park .
two dogs playing outside near the water .
a man wearing a white helmet is rock climbing .
a brown dog sits on the beach .
a small black and white dog is looking at another brown dog .
a young boy playing in a pool .
a baseball pitcher is bowling the ball .
bike rider is looking at a accident of other sports bike rider .
a lemonade vendor in a checked shirt sits behind his lemonade stand .
a pilot at the window of a british airways plane .
a girl with her arm around a boy covering his face .
a woman sewing on her porch .
a man and a boy wrestle inside a house .
the lower halves of two kids playing soccer
a black and white dog with a blue dog toy in its mouth walks across a grassy yard .
a wet bulldog shakes off water .
this is a man and woman who are holding up a marriage certificate .
a white and black dog racing on a track
three children in blue shirts swinging on a swing set .
several children peer into microscopes while being supervised by adults .
two commandos with gun by a staircase and an old man holding a hat is sitting on the stairs .
a blond man jumping off a cliff into some water
a man wearing a red shirt and white smock uses a butcher clever to cut into a skinned chicken .
two men are kidding around as a woman watches them .
"a man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat , which is wooden and covered , with a pole , and a woman wearing black is the passenger ."
three people are harvesting grass from muddy water .
a man is wind sailing in the ocean .
one small dog chases another across grass .
a snowboarder flies off of a jump which is next to a big red atomic sign .
diners are sitting at tables in a restaurant .
an older man in a brown suit rests on a bench by the water .
two brown and white dogs running across grass .
a man wearing green jumps with his skateboard in the street .
a little girl sitting in a seat .
"a young girl looks on in to the camera , as a group of people , possibly a family , gather in a backyard ."
"a young , brunette man jumps over a metal railing while smiling ."
a closeup blurred image of a man wearing a green shirt and tan pants .
a man is walking along side a yellow bike on a sidewalk .
a man in a blue sweater is talking to a gray headed lady .
a man riding a motorcycle down the sidewalk .
a brown dog jumping off a rock into a lake .
a middle-aged man is looking at the middle-aged woman .
"three young boys , a young girl , and a small dog are playing in a fort made of sticks ."
people walking down a ramp in an underground tunnel .
a surfer rides the crashing waves while another follows behind .
a man is lying on the ground fixing a tire .
man riding a mountain bike doing a jump in the air .
little muzzled white dogs are running in the grass .
a woman wearing a blue face is resting her finger beside her nose .
a dog runs through the woods .
"a group of people is standing on a porch , and one of them is petting a yellow dog ."
a young man standing in a crowded area .
three boys in matching bowties and vests performing with a group .
two women kiss cheeks while holding flowers .
two pretty ladies show off the low cut backs of their dresses
a girl is jumping into a pile of leaves
"a man wearing glasses , a blue shirt with a black jacket and a smile"
two men pose for a picture on a camera phone .
two men with sunglasses on their heads facing each other in a crowd .
college students sitting on the floor cheering for something .
"a woman dressed in a red sweatshirt , wearing a white apron , and washing a large pan in a sink ."
blurry people walking in the city at night .
two men are working in a kitchen preparing pizzas to be cooked in the oven behind them .
an older man sits on a bench at the bus stop .
an elderly person with a white hat is reading a paperback book .
a dirt biker is airborne in front of a crowd .
an older man in a pink shirt and a black vest plays the flute while looking at his sheet music .
a group of motorcyclists in a race .
a man wearing a yellow safety vest helps prepare an airplane .
a gathering of people with computers and videocameras .
two adults in helmets are fooling around with mountainous terrain in the background .
"two brown dogs in a grassy field , one jumping for a ball ."
a man reading a piece of paper next to stored pork .
a dog walks across a puddle of water in las vegas .
a woman in a red and black jacket and a bicycle helmet sits on a mountain bike .
"four women are standing together , posing for a picture ."
against a panoramic backdrop from a mountain overview a woman is photographed wearing a biking helmet and sunglasses .
a person in green surfing a wave .
two people are in a tent near a brick wall .
a man at his desk is reading from his computer monitor .
"one guy wearing pink and another guy wearing black are sitting and talking , one of them is drinking something ."
a man pushing a cart selling treats of some kind .
three men are standing on a cliff overlooking mountains and the ocean .
a man in a black hat looking at pictures with another man .
"a woman , in the striped shirt , is in the process of bathing a baby ."
a man in a white robe stands and talks to people who are sitting .
a man in a brown shirt and jeans is doing a trick on his bicycle .
a female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills .
a man in mostly leather clothing stands in a nighttime entertainment area .
one man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
a man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain .
a little boy with rain boots takes a walk in the park .
a woman holding a baby up and making a funny face
a man attempts to push another who is carrying a ball .
"two young girls , one in black and one in blue , are practicing on balance beams ."
five women and three dogs posing for a picture .
a man with a yellow shirt and gold sun mask on his face .
two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera .
child in a gray hoodie standing on the bottom of a red plastic slide .
a person waving is hanging off a zip line .
a lady with glasses holds a baby who is looking up at her .
a small crowd of people jumping into the air .
"a woman with pink bangs and a child are sitting at a table , about to eat a meal ."
a man with a yellow shirt is singing into a microphone .
a dark complexion man in yellow and maroon shirt works the controls of a machine .
a dog stands on a cement platform looking down at rubble .
a hockey player tries to make a goal while the goalie and another player look on .
a white dog running in the fallen leaves .
a dark brow dog holds an orange ball in his mouth while walking through water .
a man helps another man do a back flip in a yard .
"two people in two kayaks are paddling on the coast , with trees on a hill in the background ."
a man in a brown trench coat talking to a security officer in a mall .
a man with brown hair with glasses on looking up at someone and laughing .
five people are inspecting bicycles outside in a wooded area .
"man wearing a red , black , and white jacket riding a bicycle down a paved path in a park ."
a young boy is playing in leaves .
"a man holds a microphone to his mouth , backlit by green lights ."
an artist is working on a statue .
ground based military forces preparing to move out at night .
a lady with red-hair prepares some food .
a man sliding on a concrete bench on his snowboard as people watch
people are shopping at an asian market .
"a person in red is lying on a bench in a park , and two couples sit on other benches together ."
a man kayaks in rough water .
a man in a blue jersey is kicking a ball while another man watches .
an unhappy toddler sitting on the sidewalk .
a man wearing jeans is working to make a sculpture in the sand .
rugby players competing in a match .
a man swims in the pool with a child in a life jacket .
these two children and dog are running through a field of grass .
seagulls abandon their rock as a wave crashes against it .
there are a lot of people on the roller coaster .
a young child balancing a plate in the air on one arm .
two women stand near a wall plastered with advertisements .
a groom holding up his bride 's  train to ensure that it does n't  get wet on a rainy day .
a wedding party watches as the bride and groom kiss .
young woman in summer clothes jumping up and down on rocky shoreline .
a team of rowers rowing in a green and red boat
a man in a shirt with flowers is looking down .
"two men in blue jumpsuits , one holding a bandaged girl"
a guy in navy blue and yellow shorts jumping into a pool .
a group of five young adults lounging indoors .
a monster truck soars into the air at an arena .
a little girl wears a helmet and prepares to ride a scooter .
a group of children playing in a water fountain .
a recently married couple pose outside in their wedding clothes .
a newly married couple dances with money on their clothes .
"a good-natured stunt is pulled on the blindfolded groom , as his new wife watches , amused ."
a tan dog with a black collar on and his master playing around in their free time .
a man dressed in business attire stands next to an orange and green taxi cab .
"some people are standing , some walking , and one riding a bike , in a paved alleyway ."
two ladies and a girl are lounging under a shade tree .
the skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail .
basketball players participate in a game .
the field hockey team is trying to score a goal .
a man watches the waves from the ship deck as he ties a rope .
a heavyset couple sitting in lawn chairs on the grass with a brown dog at their feet .
a fencing class takes place on a basketball court .
skater boy does a trick and gets his photo taken in midair .
two men playing hockey on the ice .
a man watching as one woman in a brown coat is talking to another woman in a gray coat .
three girls are standing together making peace signs with their hands .
children are playing with leaves in the autumn .
the boy is leaping into the air .
a young boy wearing a blue and red jacket is raking leaves .
a pile of rocks and a group of people around it .
person doing a trick on a skateboard in a skate park while people watch .
a man and woman are drinking beer outdoors at night .
four native children perform for a group of people .
someone is taking a brown canoe down to the lake .
a couple takes in the view of a town square at sunset .
a man and a wolf in the arctic snow .
two young girls laughing on a tire swing .
male gymnast on the rings .
the ambulance on the flatbed truck was in a collision .
three women are sitting on a green bench looking out at the coast .
a girl in red pants riding on a moped .
ship workers posing for a picture in life jackets underway .
a man enjoying a carnival game while his friend looks on .
a person leads three horses away against the sunset .
a closeup into a large unique type plan with a lone woman in the center .
a man wears a t-shirt showing a baby humping a stuffed bear .
a bicyclist is attempting a trick down a flight of outdoor stairs .
a crowd is gathered around a man watching a performance .
a little girl in blue is smiling whilst playing on a rope swing .
a child and an adult looking at each other .
"a guy wearing a black shirt and jeans , sitting on a couch , with multicolored butterflies on the wall behind him ."
one indian lady at a weave making a blanket .
a crowd of people are standing in front of italian style buildings .
a dog chained to a chair with a shirt and hat on .
a person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard .
"a woman wearing gray , sitting on a picnic table by a baby stroller ."
a woman in a green tank top riding down a festival slide .
three children stand in front of two large tires .
a young boy is sitting on a skateboard in the middle of the street .
children playing an informal game of hockey
a child wearing a blue shirt is walking on the street holding up two fingers .
two people browsing for clothes at a store .
a shop is closed and a girl is peeking through it looking at lingerie collection .
a woman in a red dress is talking on a cellphone .
"two people with bicycles , one in front running with a bike and one in back riding ."
cooking hot peppers in the cold winter !
two motorcyclists riding tandom on a biek down the street .
young kid in a blue shirt is doing a trick on his rollerblades .
"a crowd of people are gathering at many different tents , most of which have white roofs , outside ."
a group of people are rowing a boat in a contest .
a group of old men walking down the street
a man shows a large hammer .
a young dark-skinned boy in a large shirt sitting next to a large pile of sandals .
several boys dressed in dark colors are sitting down .
"two young children , a boy and a girl , are walking down a wooden walkway through the woods ."
a boy on the street holds a box .
a lady in a red sweater and a blue jean skirt bowling with an orange ball .
a group of people rowing in a boat near a city .
a little boy in a pool gives a thumbs up to the camera as another swims away .
a skateboarder is in midair in the middle of a trick .
the man turns with the wave on his surfboard .
an officer knocking a man to the ground as others flee .
a man in a blue outfit decides to grab his private areas in the middle of a protest .
a young boy kicks at the autumn leaves beneath his feet .
"a man in a tan coat is one of the people reaching out to photograph the parade , which features suited men with briefcases ."
"a young girl is sitting on a bench near a tree , polishing a shoe ."
a black dog with a red collar sniffs the ground .
"a boy playing hockey lies on the ice , injured ."
people are getting food from a food stand by the water .
a man in black is sitting in a restaurant .
a young girl is kicking a soccer ball in the grass .
a dog runs with a large plate in its mouth .
two men sitting on benches and three men standing up .
a cricket batsman has been bowled out middle stump .
women dressed in short skirts are going to a party .
two college looking guys preparing food in the kitchen .
four children are outside in a line all in a crab position .
pedestrians and bikers crossing a busy street
a happy family is sitting around in a circle in their living room playing with a set of dominoes .
a young man parasailing in the ocean .
an african boy in traditional clothing accompanied by two other boys and a woman
a motorcycle popping a wheelie in front of a group of people .
a basketball player in a white uniform is making a jump shot against a team wearing black uniforms .
three little girls are lying down on white pillows .
a woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns .
a black and white dog swimming in the pool
the girl wearing the pink striped shirt is standing in the doorway with her arm outstretched .
there are three hikers in the vicinity of a mountain .
six dogs are competing in a race .
a man is welding something on a cinder block .
navy men stand along a red carpet and salute as their superior walks by .
a cheerleading squad performing in front of an audience
an old woman in a long white skirt walks out of a shop on a stone road .
a dog runs through a field .
three people dressed in red and black stand on a sidewalk in front of a beige wall adorned in graffiti .
a brown and black dog swimming in a river
a man is standing at the shoreline on the beach with 4 dogs .
two warmly dressed small children are looking at an object together .
two players in red white and blue football uniforms squat down on the field .
the man with a blue pair of shorts is rowing .
three men sitting around a fire in front of a cabin .
a young boy rides in a small boat .
snowboarder does stunt on his board in the snow .
"a boy is crouching down , making a kiss face ."
a little boy is jumping off a mound of tires in the woods .
an overweight man sitting in the cab of a truck .
two people on the subway are sleeping in the corner .
baby boy sleeping on a blanket in the grass .
a surfer riding a surfboard in rough seas .
a man doing a one armed handstand in the grass .
a boy rides down the street with a younger boy behind him on the same bike .
young men playing basketball in a competition .
two children are diving side by side into a river .
a girl in a blue shirt with a lunch box is walking .
a woman is dressed in a costume with a huge feather in her hat .
couple kissing in the middle of a street .
people walk about the chinese storefronts and a man sits outside at a table with a laptop and advertisements .
a public transit train runs through a city .
a man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree .
several young girls stand in a rural road .
a man with black-rimmed glasses and a mustache is talking .
a utility worker is scaling a building .
a surfer in a yellow shirt riding a wave on a white surfboard
a man wears a red bandanna
the german shepherd is digging a large hole in the sand .
a little boy in blue is running through a pile of brown leaves .
a boy on a skateboard is at the top of a ramp .
a young boy reaching and jumping .
"people gather around a christmas tree , including some wearing santa hats , during a christmas celebration outdoors ."
two dogs run in a field herding sheep .
a young woman in a green tank top walking her dog down a dirt road .
"one mn standing on the ground , and one is standing on the roof ."
there is a crowd of people on the busy corner of 18th st. outside bank of america .
the dog by the fence is running on the grass .
a group of people taking food from a salad bar .
a female covering her face in laughter at the dinner table .
a girl stands on two thin logs and photographs buffalo across a river .
a man sits on a raised platform behind a decorative arch .
african american children playing in a street in front of a yellow car .
a man runs with his bike .
a group of young people are building gingerbread houses .
workers walk along railroad tracks entering a tunnel .
a woman holding a purse waits as the passenger train passes by .
a small girl giggling while playing on a toy .
two boys eating ice cream are holding the hands of an adult .
two kids playing in sacks on the floor .
a basketball player in a white jersey prepares to pass the ball back into play during a game .
someone riding sideways on a motorcycle .
a group of people wearing various shades of white performs at an activity center on stage .
two young girls at play in a home .
small children play inside a small yellow and blue tube .
two toddlers posing for the camera .
man in red jacket giving a thumbs-up with one hand a holding ticket in other .
one person is whispering to another .
two japanese ladies with colorful kimonos on them .
a man on a motorcycle racing a car in the distance .
two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other .
a person doing bicycle tricks on a wooden ramp .
a man is on top of a cliff overlooking a forest and lake .
"a man dressed in blue , holding a subway sandwich sign on the sidewalk ."
a dog is laying on his side on a sidewalk with his mouth open and showing his teeth .
an older man cutting up a bunch of coconuts .
a brown and white dog has is mouth open ready to catch a green ball .
a singer singing on stange with a guitar player in the background .
the photographer is holding up a disc that has an image on it that looks similar to the gentleman he is taking a picture of .
a rasta man with dreads is cutting fruit .
a woman is writing on a post-it note that is on a board full of brightly colored post-its .
"boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snow ."
"two dogs , one white and one brown , run along side each other near a grassy field ."
"a restaurant front line , with a warmer in the front and a person in a red coca cola shirt cooking ."
there are two motorcycles with a man and a woman on it .
a dog plays on the beach .
a blond woman wearing an apron is putting ingredients into a bowl .
a bearded man and a woman in a dress holding a cup .
two women with long hair posing for a picture
a man and a woman smile for the camera .
three men stand in a bar with a purple counter .
a man in a white suit is standing with two women .
a man is holding onto the underside of an outcropping while rock climbing .
medical workers in uniform are gathered around a table .
a man in a wetsuit is surfing on blue water .
"workmen in orange clothes , repairing a street ."
two men in orange outfits clean up garbage spilled on the street .
six neighborhood kids are playing in the snow .
"two people wearing handkerchiefs over their faces , one with a blow horn"
a dog stands in the white snow .
men pass food out from a truck bed .
a man in a blue sweatshirt passes a bag of food to a woman in a brown jacket .
five men assisting with the loading of a truck while three women observe .
a small white bird looks at a small object .
"young men in white jerseys , playing a form of roller hockey ."
women participate in a skit on stage .
two athletes wrestle on the floor of a gymnasium as several others stand near .
a man in a blue shirt passes under the samsung arch .
a man under colorful stage lights playing a guitar .
a group of people are hiking in the forest .
three women and one man are having a friendly conversation in an office .
a woman stands at a podium .
a large number of people are sitting around several tables .
two women lift a bag of canned food .
the surfer does a flip off of a wave .
a man flies into the air with his surfboard .
a woman setting at a loom with a child making cloth .
a boy and a girl dancing with each other .
party goers at a rave dancing by a table with glow sticks on it .
the blond-hair woman is beating on the instrument .
a man in nightclub stands in crowd of people with his hands in the air .
a young couple conversing inside a hip dance club .
the dogs are running in the water .
the fat brown dog is standing over the little white dog .
a woman is holding her baby in a hospital room .
the girl is swimming is a blue-green ocean .
two people dressed in black sweatshirts are enjoying athletic activities on a deserted beach .
a small dog jumping along the sand
a man in an orange shirt standing by a potted plant inside a building .
a line of people waiting in the electronics section of a walmart .
several people are leaning over the side of a bridge looking down into the water .
a man talking to a woman who is laughing .
two women on the dance floor with other people dancing .
a woman holding a plate of watermelon at a party or gathering .
a group of people are dancing in a dark nightclub while a man plays the drums .
a man and a woman smiling in a nightclub .
a man wearing a blue bathing suit stands on a red surfboard at the beach .
man in brown shirt and jeans playing guitar and singing .
several people dressed in indian clothing are talking to each other .
four people are walking on a beach .
jockeys are racing their horses on the green field .
three construction workers discussing how a project should be started .
a man and woman dressed in old fashion clothing sit outside at a table .
an older gentleman is caught working in front of his two-monitored desk .
a man is operating a television camera high up in a crowded stadium .
a wet black dog shakes itself off .
man and woman wear fur coats while walking down brick road .
a man is about to play his guitar .
a man is playing a green electric guitar while standing in front of a microphone .
3 men of a band is performing on a stage .
two men in black clothing posing for a picture by a colorful building .
a dog runs across the leaf covered ground .
a person wearing red rides a bicycle over a dirt path .
a dog with a frisbee in the snow .
"two men are performing , one is singing and both are playing guitars ."
a crowd of people are lining up outside a stadium .
many people seem to be selling and buying fish in a fish market .
man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer .
"a man is taking a picture of himself , and a shouting child in a stroller , in a mirror ."
older gentlemen is playing guitar while wearing vans shoes .
a guy with a white sweatshirt and guitar drinks from a can while on stage .
a man sitting at a drum set .
a woman in a coat is walking down a sidewalk near chrismas lights .
"a musician plays his old , red guitar in public ."
a man in a black shirt and blue jeans holds a microphone while a band performs with him .
a photographer is takeing a picture of a bird mobile .
a dog has its mouth wide open trying to bite something .
two men play electric guitars .
two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture .
a man is playing music with the drum set .
a man walks on the sidewalk by a sign .
young girl in blue dress and tiara applying makeup in the mirror .
a female wearing a green shirt is holding a white box in front of a table with two coffee cups near another person .
a young boy holding a brush over the sink .
a woman writes on a paper at the desk nearby concrete walls with graffiti and detritus on a table .
"street vendors sell various wards , including pineapples and soccer balls ."
a man singing into a microphone as a part of his band .
the tan colored dog has a yellow toy in its mouth .
"two men shaking hands and smiling at the camera , while a third man stands behind them ."
a man is pushing a dumpster next to some rates stacked up in an alley .
"a man and a woman walk down an urban alley , flanked by small businesses on either side ."
two men on canoes on a lake .
a large group of people line dancing in a dim room .
three people stand and face video machines .
several men wearing ethnic hats are watching the photographer in an outdoor market .
one woman laughing while the other one is staring at the laughing one .
a policeman wearing a yellow reflective jacket riding a motorcycle waving to the camera .
a man walks by a building with many signs outside .
women and men protesting outside on a sunny day with signs .
men dressed in yellow jackets riding motorcycles .
a man looks down at a collection of glass-blown lamps and other small glass products .
a protest is going on about saving our schools .
several adults and children rioting for smaller class sizes .
a group of young people are standing in front of profane graffiti .
a riot squad forms a line next to an over turned car .
protesters fight for the children 's  rights .
two young women are hugging each other and leaning on a stone wall at the beach .
guy in black and blue wetsuit surfing
"an overweight man sits behind a red drum set , playing ."
girls playing basketball competitively
a girl with a ponytail in a black soccer uniform prepares to kick the ball .
the sheepdogs are running in the pasture .
a woman wearing a red tank top is standing on a green mat with her hands up .
a man in a black t-shirt and blues shoes plays a bass .
a shirtless man is playing a red set of drums .
a girl wears a fancy dress and a tiara .
a person swims in a shallow turquoise sea toward an empty tethered rowboat .
protesters gathered together with their signs .
a person wearing a black wetsuit jumps high above a wave with a surfboard .
many people sit and socialize in groups inside a restaurant .
a race car is spinning out in front of spectators .
somebody digging in the dirt with a shovel .
a group of people march with picket signs referencing school budgets .
two people in orange shirts hanging a billboard .
a man in a black shirt and jeans plays the guitar with his eyes closed .
two men at a concert singing .
a guy in a black hoodie standing in front of a factory sign talks into a microphone .
two girls and two men playing at the beach .
a man dressed like santa is riding in a carriage during a parade .
people go up the escalator .
a chef in a blue shirt smiles in front of a large dish of food while a coworker looks on .
an older man stands next to a woman who is laughing .
a man is making some hats out of leaves .
a concert master receiving standing applause for a great performance .
two young girls with their heads peeking out at the camera from a huge pile of leaves .
a child is wearing a red hat shaped like a hand .
a lady standing in the woods raking leaves in front of two parked cars .
a man in shorts climbs a rock face .
a skateboarder makes a high jump .
a young girl vacuuming while two boys watch her .
a group of people are congregated in a room by a big round mirror .
two dogs race across the track .
two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building .
two smiling men with their heads touching
3 men in uniforms are preparing food on a large surface .
a group of poor african children sitting in a classroom .
a group of black children in white shirts are sitting on some benches .
"people sitting at a table filed with paperwork , having a discussion ."
a woman in a green hard hat is standing at the bottom of a small staircase with her purse in one hand .
a snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail .
a group of more than 8 is speaking into microphones .
a snowboarder jumping off a tall brick building .
"a man is on stage singing , while the band plays behind him ."
there is an oriental man climbing up a mountain .
a man in a suit looks worried as he walks don the crowded street .
choir sings at the front of a church .
five people sitting around a table and playing various instruments .
there is a man standing outside a shack with some sort of a primitive looking grill that 's  smoking .
two people are sitting at an outdoor cafe in front of an old building .
an old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace .
an elderly lady is laying on a grassy hill in front of the ocean
a group of protesters picket in the road .
an asian man poses in a martial arts pose in front of a natural lake setting .
a lady getting ready to snap a photo .
a donkey carrying a load of grass down a road .
an asian woman rows a boat loaded with supplies .
rows of adults taking in a lecture in a classroom .
one guy surfing the waves in the ocean .
a large brown dog and a larger black dog playing together with a ball .
a man drinking a beverage and holding a plastic bag far away from the other people .
a wrestler is being lifted off the ground by another wrestler .
a giant bee costume hugs a boy .
the girl in plaid is helping the little girl feed an apple to a horse .
a girl in a bathing suit stands in front of a striped wall .
a man in a heavy coat is walking up a stone staircase with a heavy duffel bag with police in the background .
a woman wearing a white shirt jumps in the air and sticks out her tongue .
a man is kissing the forehead of a baby that is lying on a couch .
white dog with orange collar walks in the field .
a man with stubble on his face is holding a baby .
"young , hooded boy and girl huddle on steps outside large doors ."
a worker with long curly hair examines the vegetables next to the broccoli .
a young girl pulling the tail of an alligator staue
a group of people loiter on a sidewalk near a lamp post .
man riding on a bike taxi on a crowded street .
a woman in a straw hat standing in front of a table covered in miscellaneous items .
two people are looking at something in new york city .
people are skating in a outdoor rink around a huge christmas tree .
woman laying in grass with a rugby ball on her head .
two motocross riders sit on the shoulder of the racetrack .
a brightly colored bus is stopped in traffic .
kids being walked across a lot by an adult to a larger building .
two children playing in the snow .
a man in a cowboy hat struggles to remain atop a bucking beige horse .
two men standing outside wearing jackets and caps .
a man in a blue hat is standing next to a car with a shovel in the snow .
a woman in black walks down the sidewalk .
the girl is climbing an artificial climbing wall .
men dressed as santa clause walking down the street .
a large group of people are walking up a steep mountain with clouds hanging in the background .
four people with shaved heads and white robes praying .
a baby dressed as an elephant standing on a bed held up by a woman dressed in a dorothy costume .
"man hunched on gray bench marked san diego , neat blue trashcan ."
a baby is sitting in a highchair in a restaurant laughing and squeezing mickey mouse' nose !
a woman and child are blowing on a candle in a cupcake .
a man on a city street in a santa suit and wrestilng mask .
a baby is crying and someone is holding him .
the man is going to take a picture from the open window .
"a lady wearing gloves , and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch ."
there are people cooking under a tent and wearing big white chef hats .
the two little girls jump on the bed .
three men are playing rugby one of them is carrying the ball they are covered in mud .
little blond boy is falling onto a bed .
a dark brown dog runs behind a yellow dog in the grass .
a muddy dog runs next to water .
a flock of birds fly up from the ground next to a building with a mural .
an audience of children are smiling and pointing
two men are fighting with pretend swords in a medieval show .
boy and girl building metal structure .
a bunch of people at a train station .
a lady and a man wear rain ponchos .
a little boy is crying on a playground and a little is riding a toy bike .
people are sitting at a green table set with placemats and green glasses .
"a brass band , with many members wearing santa claus hats , is conducted by a man wearing a leather jacket while playing under a temporary bandshell ."
little kids with their hands in the air
"a man in a tan jacket and blue jeans is sitting on a bench playing the guitar , with another man close-by ."
a man and woman sit on the rocky overlook .
a couple sits on a floral couch while an older woman in the background smiles .
a brown dog steps into murky water .
an older asian man wearing an embroidered ski cap poses for a picture .
a woman crouches on a sink while applying mascara .
a man and young girl stand together looking at something with a small child nearby .
the guys are playing a sport .
two young woman dressed in white shirts sit in a small space .
two little kids blowing bubbles on the stoop .
the bald woman is standing smiling next to a frowning man .
a man and a child at a store checkout counter .
the brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth .
several people are gathered around a table in a warehouse .
a man helps tie a red ribbon around another man 's  right arm during a street parade .
many people gather in front of the lincoln memorial .
two people 's  hands; one of them is doing the other 's  nails with an emery board .
a man in a hat plays a xylophone .
a group of young people lounging on the couch .
young people out to dinner at a chinese restaurant
the brown dog stands in the water and shakes off .
a man and a woman with feathers on her head dance .
a person on an atv in dunes with a purple sky .
two women pushing each other during a rollerskating competition .
a man in glasses sits with his head in his hand while at a table set for an asian dinner .
a yellow car spins its rear wheel while a man in the backseat watches .
people await the arrival of an elevated train in the cold winter .
two indian children having fun telling secrets to one another .
a woman with braided hair is laughing with a man in a red shirt .
a black and white staffordshire terrier has his paw on large branch
two dogs are running through a field of grass .
the boys and the old man are splitting wood to stack .
a group of five men dressed in tan are in the middle of a very technical setting .
a man plays an instrument next to a drummer .
a lit food cart is parked on the street at dusk .
a chef is preparing a meal in a professional kitchen .
"a male soccer player who is trying to kick the ball with his right leg , as the other player in the background tries to block his kick ."
a bobsled team runs through a snowy trail .
an asian peddler with a wide cone shaped hat with various fruits and vegetables for sale .
a street vendor is gathering bread and pretzels to sell .
two young women pose and smile in a darkly lit area .
one woman is taking a picture and another woman is standing sideways with her arm out .
a man with a mohawk is sweeping a skate park .
a man is standing at a machine .
lots of people in a restaurant eating and talking .
a woman looks over her merchandise in a marketplace .
a little child with a hat on lays on the grass amid a few scattered fallen leaves .
a little girl looking into a females face in the midst of a crowd .
a man falling off of a surfboard in the ocean
a woman looks at a plate filled with steam .
"a man and a woman at a meal , with a dog between them ."
the woman in brightly colored clothing is dancing .
a little dog is carrying a small twig in its mouth .
a little boy is playing with the autumn leaves .
a lady and her daughter jump in a swimming pool .
children playing in a pool .
"two dogs holding red balls in their mouth , running in the snow ."
a woman in pink is holding a plate of food .
young person holding a red and black fan in front of a martial arts class .
a man uses wood silk to clean a hardwood floor .
a group of men in formal attire talking in a group
"a woman is sitting , reading a book on the subway ."
a dog takes a nap in the middle of a busy alley .
a woman is eating fish at a restaurant .
a man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips .
the man is shooting video of another writing on a pole .
a woman wearing a burgundy sleeveless top and blue shorts climbing steps to bleacher
two rickshaw operators waiting for a fare with traffic in the background .
a snowboarder is performing a stunt in mostly dark .
"four young men in a room , working on some tasks ."
a waiter dressed in business attire holds up a pan filled with meat laden with sauce and garnished with lemon .
a biker makes a jump across from a city beach .
a man and a woman are smiling .
"two men look toward the camera , while the one in front points his index finger ."
a man wearing no shirt stands on a stage with fire in the background .
a man wearing a vest and pants walks across stage at a concert .
this individual in a white lab suit is studying some sort of translucent scan .
two people are walking two golden dogs in the snow .
woman squatting over a bag filled with some sort of round green vegetable .
people and shrubs are silhouetted against an indigo sky .
an elderly man sleeping in a outdoor chair while another woman sits next to him .
old woman with lots of ornate clothing and jewelry .
a man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert .
kid in a striped shirt holding a guitar .
a little boy and a little girl are playing outside with bubbles .
three men are standing in a forest .
a lady in black shirt with a red ribbon and purple skirt at a victory party
a man in jeans is riding an atv over sand .
a woman in a red jacket holding a baby in a red jacket next to a bike .
two young woman hug and pose together for a picture .
a little black dog wearing a red collar is in the leaves with a blue ball .
newborn laying in bed slightly covered up with a blanket .
three firemen holding onto ropes from above .
a man walking around in a field doing who knows what .
the two dogs in the snow have a red leash .
two children play with a white dog .
a little black dog chases another little black dog through thick snow .
a group of people are backpacking through a grassy field .
a black dog and a brown dog touching noses in a grassy field .
a man dressed in black rides a green bike .
a snowboarder in bright green performing a jump at a competition .
a little dog running on sand .
"an asian woman is standing behind glass shelves with bread on them , outside ."
deer and turkeys stand on snow covered ground .
a little blond-haired girl enjoys eating a peach .
a child in a red short enjoying some arts and crafts .
lots of people standing on a platform in front of a train .
a boy wearing blue mittens gets ready to throw snow .
a little boy wearing shorts and a jacket is pulling a red wagon with a pumpkin in it .
three people stand in front of a store window and smile .
man does a skateboard trick on green barrel .
a person speed skating
a crowd awaits for a train as it enters the station
a soccer team is holding up one player in victory .
a woman in a green shirt and khaki pants is attempting to hit the golf ball into the hole .
"child on couch , holding red cloth with white fur ."
a man with a santa claus outfit stopped by two police officers .
a toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookstore .
a dark-haired boy smiles while laying next to two other kids .
young boy with blond-hair swipes at bubbles in the air .
an older white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen .
a boy is winding up to send down a bowling ball .
the child is shoveling deep white snow near the house .
a surfer catches a large wave .
two basketball players reaching for a ball .
a man with a red hat is playing the drums .
a man with a basketball blocks an attempt to take his ball .
a miami basketball player with basketball in right hand on court .
a man in just his underwear jumping on a man surrounded by a crowd of people .
a man is holding a fishing rod and fishing at sunset .
"a man in a green hat , green shirt , brown pants and colorful apron is flipping a huge pancake ."
a man in a wetsuit surfing .
"two guys are out on a cold walk during christmas season , perhaps for caroling ."
a young woman and two men drink beer in a bar .
"while one ball player watches helplessly , another jumps and shoots the ball toward the basket ."
a basketball player is about to make a lay-up .
a young child in baggy blue pants is running away from the fire in the background .
players on a soccer field performing for the crowd .
little kids stand together and receive an award for something .
two white dogs with brown markings playing .
a child in red and black winter clothes hiding behind a snow fort .
a young girl with brown hair is playing checkers .
a woman cleans her foot in the kitchen next to a man in a white shirt .
a lifeguard sitting on the railing and watching the water .
man in a purple shirt holding a video camera on a woman sitting in the street .
a man asleep on a plane in a dark photo .
a little boy in a purple jacket is buckled into his car seat .
two boys on a boat riding though the water .
a dog running with a stick in the snow .
a tan dog chewing on a dog treat .
four children hold hands and jump into a pool .
four children keeping warm under a blanket .
a man dressed in a santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building .
a black man with black hair laughing .
a man in a tan coat holding an infant and a young girl sitting on a brown couch .
a street filled with cars and people in a city .
a woman carrying plastic bags walks down a scenic path .
a person is standing by some stairs in colorful clothes and goggles .
two black dogs running in snow with toys in their mouths .
a bird dives for some food .
the two children and the baby with the pink shirt are surrounded by toys .
diners at a restaurant are served by a waiter .
a bare chested man with swimming goggles on his head with a group of swimmers behind him .
swimmers gather for practice at a pool with swimming lanes .
a man in a blue shirt taking a break and sitting down .
two white dogs running with each other .
a man and two women having a conversation on a lawn .
people in winter hats are standing in a subway together .
a girl in a bright pink outfit prepares for a race .
"waterskier holding line , mid-jump and almost turned upside down ."
a man is sitting on a couch holding a baby while surrounded by children .
two cold people stand near a pole .
a man selling produce on the street .
a man in a red jacket is standing at the top of the stadium steps .
a young boy is posing with incredible hulk gloves on .
a man clapping his hands with a bunch of children standing around him .
a girl in a red top is holding slips of paper .
the child is looking at santa claus .
a surfer is doing a turn on his board .
a woman in a dress doing a craft .
a man and woman in masks and costume make a toast in front of a christmas tree .
"a girl jumping into a pool , with a man standing near ."
a girl in a black and white headband and pink necktie holding a glass with friends on either side of her .
a guy and a female with drinks in hand .
a man and woman in black coats are outside while it is snowing .
a couple wearing winter coats posing together .
a man is playing the guitar for a child in a hospital bed
a woman covering herself with a towel is drinking a jar of water .
three asian ladies are walking down a sidewalk holding purses and shopping bags .
a woman is holding a small child by the hand and carrying shopping bags .
two asian women sitting at a table eating asian food .
two woman wearing jackets are looking at a board .
a person in a sweater sits looking at a book with a child on their lap .
two young women having a conversation
a large group of football players in blue jerseys running through the field .
two men walking in front of a grafitti image of a car .
a child is holding onto her mother on a sled in the snow .
an old man and a young woman embrace on a couch .
a person on stage with a light show in pink and blue .
a basket vendor walking down a busy city street .
a train approaches in a dimly lit subway .
a boy in sports themed pajamas is in front of a christmas tree .
a woman in a park stands with her arm up in the air .
children are dressed in black and white costumes .
several people read by a campfire at night .
a woman in a gray shirt pouring a clear drink into a glass .
"a performer wearing stilts , which are covered by her white pants , is walking in a parade ."
a young woman whisking eggs in a glass measuring cup .
two young girls pose smiling for a picture with a christmas tree behind them .
three women are posing for a photo in front of a christmas tree
two men and two women hold gold plates behind their heads .
a hispanic woman and man in ceremonial dress dance down the street .
a girl in a white sweater and blue jeans typing a paper on a laptop .
a man is sliding along a green barrier on his snowboard .
a woman with a vacant expression throws a football as a man in a gray shirt looks at his phone .
a skier about to go down the mountain .
a black and white dog is jumping through a field of brown grass .
a woman is showing her art to people .
several people are crowded together in a room with three large fans over them .
person doing a skateboard trick in midair .
two young boys standing in a kitchen with hardwood floors .
two young boys wearing jackets frolic in a large field .
an asian man with an asian kid with a balloon around his head .
a man wearing red socks playing running with some other men
five girls wearing school uniforms walk around on a flat rock near a lake as a man in the background sits on the shore .
a man tucks in a sheet on the bed .
a woman in a back and white dress walking away .
little girl in an orange shirt holding a paper bag .
a woman in jeans is preparing to throw a bowling ball down the bowling alley .
a group of people going for a hike .
two babies sitting on a playmat reaching for something
an old man and a baby in red .
a crowd of people containing some people who are smiling and some who are taking photographs .
a person laying on the ground below some stairs .
a man in an elf hat holding a white umbrella is standing on the sidewalk with two other men .
kids play in the snow while parents watch
two women sitting next to each other one is holding a baby and the other is showing her bracelet .
a baby touching a woman 's  face .
"a baby with a pink outfit on has a pacifier , and she is on a chair with another woman ."
a woman and a baby waiting with luggage
two young girls dressed in winter clothes play in a mound of snow .
a woman sitting in a restaurant talking on her cellphone .
"an oriental man , wearing a white shirt and apron is cooking ."
a man is catching a girl who jumped into his arms
"the lady is wearing a black coat , gloves , and boots ."
three women pose for a picture together .
the red-haired woman in the black dress has her arms around a man in white .
brown and white dog trotting with brown object falling nearby .
a black and white dog with a stick in its mouth is swimming .
a girl holds up a yellow balloon animal .
a group of people jump in the air at the shore of a sandy beach .
a male and a female dancing on a stage .
a black and white dog is running through the water while holding something red in its mouth .
a woman in a coat reclines next to a pay phone .
two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building .
a man in a white jersey is slam dunking a basketball .
a woman in blue rows a canoe type boat loaded with plants .
a crowd of people sit outside in a public square .
a man in black rides a bicycle across the street while another walks holding a dog .
a woman picking up a child from the floor
a basketball player is looking up and set to throw the ball .
a man in a hat and purple apron leaning on a metal pizza rack .
"a man is wearing a black knit  "" paris ""  hat and a navy blue shirt on the side of the street ."
a man in a black shirt stands next to a tent .
a child in red shorts playing in a fountain .
a boy eating beside a wooden house surrounded by trees .
two boys are sitting in a green kayak on the grass .
a man sets off a large sparkler while the crown watches on .
a tan dog running through the grass with the background blurry
a middle eastern family walks down the street .
a basketball player holds the ball during a game .
a woman climbing a rocky cliff .
two men walking at an amusement park one is pushing a stroller the other is carrying a stuffed animal .
the four guys are being shown an iron board .
a woman with a red shirt is reading sheet music and playing the harp .
an elderly man looks down and smiles .
a toddler is playing with a little red sprinkler .
a man in traditional attire plays the bagpipes .
two people in the middle of a dirt bike race .
a dog stands on a beach at sunset .
the two dogs are running toward the camera .
a snowboarder flies off a huge jump .
a man and woman are gazing at each other on a balcony inside a building .
a man in sailor whites talks to a person seated on the ground .
a man in a blue canoe navigates in a wetland with tall palm fronds .
a man stands in the street outside of scaffolding .
a happy child is getting a helping hand out of the box of nerf balls .
"a woman in yellow scrubs is sitting in a hospital , holding a child that is sick ."
a dog with a sleeve in its mouth of a coat a man is wearing .
a white dog running on the beach .
"two dogs standing in the grass , one is running ."
"a boy tries to take a stick from a small , brown dog ."
two small children are talking in a field in front of a yellow caution tape .
young man in a gray sweatshirt playing a guitar video game .
a group of five female children reason outdoors .
a kid wearing a life jacket in a swimming pool .
a woman in black jumps in the air at the beach .
employees working the registers at a grocery store .
a young girl runs barefoot on a beach
three men in white coats is watching a fourth man pipe frosting into cookies .
a woman sitting on a bus with a paper bag hanging on a carrier
a city worker cleaning the cracks in a walkway .
"a woman , man , and a little baby is riding a scooter ."
two old men are having a conversation .
a little boy is sitting in front of a fireplace next to a ginger bread house .
the older woman smiles as she holds up a hammer .
"a man , wearing a black exercise suit , is jumping in the air doing the splits. located on the top of a mountainside , a city is shown in the background ."
two black dogs playing fetch with a red toy
a snowboarder is leaping of a jump in the mountains .
the brown dog is gnawing at something in the snow .
a woman with reddish hair talking to an old man by the waterside and beside a bench .
a man is skiing in midair .
a basketball player preparing to shoot the ball
miami basketball player number 33 dribbles the ball .
the number five miami player dribbles down the court .
the brown and white dog is standing up on its hind legs .
a dog is shaking itself dry on the beach next to the ocean .
snowboarder in air while wearing yellow spike cap .
a snowboard rider jumping high on his snowboard in the snow .
a dog reaches to catch a ball with its mouth .
three men are playing a game of basketball
two women joking around are caught on camera .
a toddler lays half on a mattress and half on the floor .
two children in red lay on the floor .
a woman holding a young boy in a day care center .
a black and white dog is catching a frisbee in the yard .
three people walk on the rocks near the water .
a man in a sweatshirt holds a hammer and smiles .
a lone skier wearing a red backpack stumbling down a snowy mountain
"a man spending time with his toddler son , who is holding a white cup ."
a group of women share a meal in someone 's  home .
a group pf people and their pets walk down a train track
a man is riding a trails bicycle on a dirt track through rough terrain .
two men sell paraphernalia like condoms with obama images on them .
a man and a woman are standing in the ocean kissing .
a referee stops a hockey fight .
the man is wearing a blue sweater and is barefoot on a court .
a man with a helmet is using an atm .
"two men are standing by a railing , while posing for a picture ."
three women and a man are drinking beer at a table .
two people run in the sand at the beach .
men using the slot machines in casino atmosphere .
"a family sits , works , and talks in the kitchen ."
three dogs playing with a frisbee in the snow .
men in darth wader and robot costumes are walking on the road .
an older man dressed in a suit is standing behind a gold-fringed podium in front of a microphone .
a small child runs along the grass smiling .
a red vehicle outside of a construction zone .
a baby is held by an adult and is sitting on a table at a coffee shop .
two dogs are running through the grass .
a group of african children are dressed in colorful clothes .
a white and brown dog is running over grass .
a female skier in a green with pink flowers hat skiing .
a photographer in a yellow jacket takes photos of a bikini clad blond woman .
a little girl with a backpack sitting down looking at a book .
a silhouette of a figure parachuting at sunset .
man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys .
a dog laying on the edge of a white chair
"a shirtless man is on a blue raft , which is located next to a yellow raft , which is filled with cargo ."
a group wearing white pose for a picture .
a man in a wetsuit is surfing up and over a wave .
a group of children playing in a stream
two young girls play in a kitchen at nighttime .
two guys jumping in the air in a room .
a girl wearing a green jumpsuit and goggles with a beautiful sunset in the background
two women are on the floor laughing .
"an elephant draped in red , blue and gold fabric walking on a stone path ."
a violin player uses an old chair as a music stand
man in yellow tank top with friend in white shirt check the grill .
a group of soldiers is standing together wearing all their gear .
an asian couple have rose petals tossed at them by a woman .
a group of people walking through a wooded park .
a woman with short brown hair and glasses laughs with a brunette man in a brown shirt .
man with cup looking up while riding on an escalator
boy in a green jacket and a girl in red playing video games .
a snowboarder takes a ramp made of snow while others watch .
five men wearing turbans are riding on elephants a far eastern city street .
a woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant .
a group of women in red shirts singing together .
a boy swings his tennis racket at a tennis ball .
"a group of five individuals , many of them children , standing on a hill observing a small animal ."
two dogs are playing catch in a field .
several people take pictures with tripods in the snow .
five children sledding down a snow-covered street .
the young boy sleds down the hill in the snow .
there are kids playing while adults are sitting on a bench .
two men are cooking food together on the corner of the street .
four construction workers are working on metal beams .
there are four snow skiers going down the side of a hill .
a brown dog runs down a snow-covered path .
a white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass .
a roller-blader grinds a rail at an indoor skate park .
two men look like they are playing with boxes in a mall .
children playing on a playground sliding down a slide .
a group of four adults are standing together around a pile of goods .
a mountain biker is riding on a woodland path .
a lonely skier enjoys the slopes on a beautiful day .
a white dog walking in the snow .
"two men dressed in orange robes cross a busy city intersection filled with cars , trucks , and motor vehicles ."
an arabic man walking his three camel 's  through the desert .
a man in a brown sweater and a woman smile for their video camera .
three bikers pedal up a forest trail .
a boy walking around the base of his house which in made of stones in his bare feet .
two men in blue jackets are sitting on a concrete stoop .
a woman in a black wetsuit surfs in bad weather .
a young child is holding a red toy hammer .
a young boy is playing with toy tools and wearing a name tag .
the baby boy is playing the snow .
a little boy wearing khaki pants showing a man his candy cane filled with candy .
a golden retriever runs through grass carrying a dog toy .
a man wearing a jungle hat is trekking with his guide in the wilderness .
a toddler works a colorful puzzle .
a boy in green christmas pajamas is opening his present .
several people are playing twister at some type of event .
two children sitting on a deer statue for a photo .
a boy leaping to catch a flying frisbee .
a blond headed little boy in a tub pouring water on himself with a yellow cup .
a little boy in a orange with gray shirt and khaki pants playing in the leaves .
a couple and their child pose for a picture in front of a christmas tree .
a little boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in .
a young child in a striped shirt unwrapping a gift .
a young boy in green pajamas playing with a toy at christmas .
small boy in green christmas pajamas holding a box .
a young child playing with his toy trains .
the man and woman are posing with fake glasses and moustaches .
the dog stands on something while the snowfalls around him .
a skateboarder is flying through the air on a red skateboard .
a group of dancers wearing black spandex are dancing in a studio .
three women are sitting on a bench and talking .
a woman and a man pose with groucho marx disguises .
two women are riding bicycles down a dirt road .
three people are in the snow .
"a man and a woman are sitting together in the dark , looking ahead at a city view in the distance ."
a man in sandals sits down while reading the newspaper outside .
a snowboarder in a green jacket catches some air .
the two men are playing cricket in a stadium .
there are 2 shirtless boys jumping up from some water looking at a soccer ball .
a person skis down a forested hill .
brown dog with white mark in chest and black collar going over a limb on ground .
a young child and a dog are playing in the snow .
a person in a white helmet strapped into a yellow car
an older couple discusses a vegetable .
man in red t-shirt posing with two young women and three beer bottles .
girls in black dresses dancing at the disco .
"four women are standing on their hands on a gym floor , wearing the same outfits ."
a man is jumping into the surf .
a small boy is sitting on a step while a grill smokes in the background .
the little boy in the blue shirt is surrounded by cheerleaders .
a man in a red shirt stands with two woman wearing white and smiles .
four people posing for a picture
"girls , who are all dressed in dresses , dance in a dark room ."
many people are eating in a crowded restaurant .
someone is skiing down a step snowy hill .
a man playing a game on his computer .
"a man with a white hat and brown shirt , behind a woman in red , looks to the left ."
inside a bar there are people with red shirts .
two tan dogs play in the snow .
a lone person standing on a cliff watching the gulls .
two white dogs play together on a slightly snowy patch of green grass .
a black and white dog runs with its mouth open .
a woman in the bathroom in her pajamas
a boy playing in a mud puddle .
several different colored dogs running in a snowy field
the smu basketball player drives to the basket .
a snowboarder rides his board off a graffiti covered wall at night .
two people stand looking at a light sculpture at night .
a woman holds a new baby wearing yellow in an old photograph .
the woman places a ball into the jumping dog 's  mouth .
"there is a picture of a green , white , black , and red flag ."
"a oriental person rowing a boat , full of vegetables , down a river ."
a young girl skiing down a mountain .
people at an indoor carnival featuring a game with large stuffed animals as prizes .
a man in blue at an arcade is playing a fishing game .
two young women surfing the internet in a cafe
a person dancing is doing a dance move where there whole body is off the ground except for one hand
a gray egret takes flight .
a woman sitting at a table outside of a store that says parking in the window .
a sledder gets a face full of snow on a slope .
two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera .
three asian people are playing musical instruments .
a group of four boys plays with mud in the water and grass .
many people playing colorful carnival games .
people standing at carnival game of balloons and stuffed animals on wall .
two people are standing outside a store on a city street .
two people who are making there way between rocks .
teenagers play in shopping carts of a rooftop .
a breakdancer displays an impressive handstand in a heavily graffiti tagged room .
a man in a blue shirt addresses a crowd .
the man is on a ski boat in the water .
a man is catching air while snowboarding .
two horse riders and three walkers are going down a dusty path .
several people rock hiking with backpacks and walking sticks .
a young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball .
a collie jumping over a white obstacle .
"someone is snowboarding down a hill , shredding snow ."
a kid is sitting on a fallen tree .
a lady in brown sweater holding a couple of dirty bowls in her left hand .
"a boy wearing a green , blue and gray jacket while loading a rifle ."
a man in a blue shirt is tossing a football .
a child is holding up a broom in front of a christmas tree .
boy in red pajamas with penguins and snowflakes on them playing a pokemon card game .
a man in a costume entertains four kids .
a blond-haired kid in a red shirt riding a ride .
two women look at the camera smiling sitting in chairs .
a blond headed toddler walking with a red piece of paper in hand .
a kid with a green bucket over his or her head .
a brown-haired woman is holding a baby boy wearing a shirt with reindeer on it and a chef 's  hat .
child in red during christmas looking at toy story toys .
an older lady is sitting next to a bookshelf while trying to entertain a young child .
two little boys running from a lake with ducks
an african america women in a leaping stance with her arms spread open and pyramid like structures behind here
child playing soccer on a field .
a young male child in a yellow shirt being fed a banana .
two young boys cooking in a kitchen .
a happy child with an elmo shirt in the back of a car .
santa and mrs. klaus are posing with one little child .
a small child visiting with someone dressed as a disney character .
a toddler wearing an elmo t-shirt is standing in santa 's  sleigh .
a small boy is sitting in a car at a ride .
a toddler is putting an ornament on a christmas tree .
"a boy blows out a candle on a cake with a penguin labeled  "" happy birthday , quinn. "" "
a toddler in a red jumpsuit stands atop a present .
a child wearing a shirt decorated with elmo 's  face holds a red ukulele .
person in the midst of a ramp jump .
an infant with dark hair getting bathed in a small sink filled with soapy water .
a street musician is playing drums in a tunnel .
group of people sitting on the beach with a bucket of clams .
a man opening the back driver side door of his parked vehicle along a sandy road .
the man passing the door is wearing a white shirt and black running pants with white stripes down the side .
a girl in colorful clothes on the beach
a snowboarder is silhouetted against the sun as they leave the ground .
people enjoying a meal together during the holidays .
a young child walks along a lake with a large white tent nearby .
two toddlers are sitting in a colorful playpen .
a boy doing a bike trick is in midair waiting to come back down .
a wrestler throws another wrestler to the ground .
a man takes a nap on the sidewalk in a busy city .
a little boy in a red jacket exploring a rocky terrain .
a person on a yellow snowboard does some tricks in the snow .
two young children are playing with toys .
two young girls with headscarves stand near a door while one reads a book .
a bearded man is riding a bicycle on the beach .
"crouched on a rock , a man watches the calm waters of the ocean ."
little girl eating a sucks between two cars .
people in a room with blue paint and a door above their heads .
boy making a muscle holding paper that says easter egg hunt .
a child playing with bubbles and walking .
two men sailing in a motorized raft-type boat .
a man holds up an orange starfish while standing chest deep in the ocean .
a man leads a group of children in a line outside of a home .
a man with sunglasses and a beanie hat is holding a small child .
a woman wearing a hat pointing into the distance .
a basketball player in the air about to make a shot .
a giant billboard of a man 's  abs
"a man sits in the foreground , and a woman with a drink is in the background ."
a bicycle rider jumps off a ramp .
a motorcyclist speeding along a road on a green kawasaki sport motorcycle .
an asian boy cheers as he plays bumper bowling .
two male wrestlers in the midst of a match .
a man and a small boy sit and rest against a stone wall .
two women with head garb looking at each other in a public area .
the man is standing on the corner playing music .
four kids next to a blue house are walking down a street .
a group of children are sitting on a wall .
"a couple of african children are wearing balloon hats , and are gazing at something ."
someone is surfing a giant wave .
a man is carrying a plate of food at a street vendor .
a brown dog is bringing back a buoy from the ocean .
two women dressed with scarves over their heads look angrily at the photographer .
a little boy in yellow clothing running towards a blue house .
three people are near a tree and the woman touches one of the men 's  faces .
a woman runs outside in a blue coat .
a photographer is sitting on his camera case at the beach .
an asian man is peering through a shop window .
"a girls soccer game with one team in pink , the other in light blue ."
a girl bending backwards holding her hat .
a little boy runs away from the approaching waves of the ocean .
a bike rider jumping the hill on his bicycle .
a young child is sledding down a snowy hill on a red sled .
a dog with a ball in its mouth sitting outside .
"three men with matching shirts , pants and hats and a man in robe are in a room ."
a musician holding a guitar videotapes some action .
a balding man in a black enrolling stones t-shirt reads a book .
a man in a black shirt is sitting in a chair .
a white man is playing a guitar in a recording studio .
music is being put together in a studio .
a man is standing in front of a motor-scooter holding up a picture .
a person performing a snowboarding trick on a high mountain .
a group of woman hold each other up to catch a ball .
people are outside at night .
the little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk .
people standing inside a building watching intently .
a man wearing a enrolling stones t-shirt plays on his yamaha keyboard .
a bearded man holding a sign .
two men sitting in office chairs looking at an image on a large screen in front of them .
a man wearing green in a recording studio .
a large group of church choir singers on a balcony .
four people laughing and sitting on a couch .
a male child in a winter coat on a round blue sled in the snow .
a shaggy dog dusted with snow licks its nose .
a person throws an object as a furry dog jumps to chase it .
teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
a man in black swim trunks diving into the water
man in uniform sharing something with a group of children .
a soldier and religious clerics examining and laying out prayer rugs .
two large seagulls are in the water .
a kid is coming out of a tube slide and is about to hit the sand .
a man and a woman posing in front of a christmas tree .
a group of people surround a bunch of inflatable pink stars .
a boxer leaps in the snow .
"eight middle-aged couples dance and six other people mingle on the dance floor as a three man band consisting of a guitar , banjo , and accordion play on a stage ."
this man is dressed in all white .
man with a beard in a gray shirt looking in mirror and shaving his head .
a man is talking on his cellphone in a city .
"two men are performing martial arts , they are dressed in white and one man has his leg between the legs of the other man ."
a man is squatting on the ground .
"a man and a girl walking on the beach , orange sunset behind ."
two old men stand near a table in a mcdonalds .
a tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow .
two birds interacting in the grass
a large white dog is bounding through a snowy field .
two men and a woman interact at a table .
one man and two women having a lively conversation at a party .
a woman seated at a table in front of cake .
a man and woman place birthday candles on a cake .
a bird splashing around in a stream .
four girls are jumping up and down on the sand near the ocean .
"man in brown shirt on sunny street , a crowd in background"
a woman wearing a scarf is talking to a man wearing glasses .
here are a bunch of people enjoying dinner and chatting .
three smiling people and two others not facing the camera standing outside of a shack at night .
a group of people be getting their party on .
three little boys play in a large snow covered field
two men dressed as santa clause performing in a park .
a man holds a pro judea protest sign at a protest rally
campers sitting by the edge of the water .
children play in grass at a crowded outdoor festival .
a man is looking over a small cliff .
a blond-haired lady is sitting at a desk with a yellow map hanging on the wall .
a young man jumping on a red railing
a young child is trying to balance on a bench in the park .
a woman walks outdoors near a canal .
a group of five men are standing in the middle of a room that is crumbling and abandoned .
a female patent at a hospital sticking out her tongue .
a boy wearing a blue helmet rides a bike with his feet on the handlebars .
"a large , black dog is practicing attacking a culprit on a uniformed man ."
a dog is about to catch a treat in his mouth .
people are talking and visiting on a bus .
a dance couple dancing on a dance floor with strobe lights flashing .
"a lady tango dancer in red , finishing her routine ."
a little boy in red stands on top of a rock with a smile and outstretched arms .
cheerleaders dressed in red and black hold two cheerleaders above their heads .
a man in a red top and hat playing what seems to be a musical instrument .
a boy throwing the stick with fire .
three men are working construction at night on a street .
black-haired mature woman sits next to a table of produce .
three men dressed in centurion costumes are sitting in front of the building .
a young child with green goggles leans on a step .
a blond boy wipes his nose on his light blue shirt .
people clap while two women play a game .
a man in a blue shirt taking a nap .
three dogs running in the snow .
the black and tan dog is laying down with the smaller dog jumps over his back .
a group of men running in a field .
there are two people walking in the sand .
a man wearing an indian vest playing the drums .
a group of smiling teenagers sits at a table while playing a board game .
a brown dog is jumping in the air .
three dogs are running around in the snow .
a wrestling match just ended and the loser is upset .
a boy sitting on a dinosaur chair holding a blue object .
a man with a red helmet in the mountains
a brown dog is carrying a stick in his mouth across an ice covered pond .
a man is doing a trick with a sword and allowing the sword into his throat .
a cyclist is performing a jump over a white railing .
a little girl is sitting on a bench with her arms folded .
two young ladies are sitting on a small be in skimpy dresses .
two men are walking down a wet alleyway .
"in pool surrounded by plants , one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl ."
a family posing by the mantle and christmas tree .
"a college student is discussing while wearing a pair of goggles , as if he is a scientist ."
a woman playing an acoustic guitar with a microphone
"a young child with blond-hair , wearing a blue shirt and jeans is walking in the woods ."
"two people heading down the water flow , kayaking ."
a man standing by a boat at a dock surrounded by rocky terrain and water and two other boats .
two dogs in striped sweaters fight in the snow .
a muscular man in a speedo and a curvy blond in a bikini walk together at the beach .
a person is walking in the water with a net .
water is spraying on the child with its face through a cut out hole .
a girl in a purple shirt holds a pillow .
a man with a chainsaw is carving wood into a statue of a man .
a woman jumps a hurdle on a track .
a person stands next to a rock monument with his hand near his head .
a man is sitting on top of a mountain .
a snowboarder slides along a ramp over a snowy gap .
a man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign .
a golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach .
a parent helping their child walk in the snow .
a woman is smiling at the bearded man sitting in the lawn chair next to her .
a blond woman and bald man sitting together .
woman laughing as she is being licked by a brown dog .
a person scuba diving in a kelp forest .
a family walks up stone steps in a park with greenery all around .
a crowd of people standing in trees .
a man is holding a microphone while her performs with his band .
a guy with a lady bug costume on .
a woman does a handstand on a glossy floor while two others stand nearby .
a woman wearing a head covering holding an infant
"two men , who are twins , are wearing matching black shirt and are about to fight ."
a woman walks with her big purse .
a young man shows his excitement at an outdoor event at night .
two adults and a small child pose outside a dwelling .
an elderly man sits on a rooftop holding a hammer .
a man in a green shirt is fixing a bicycle chain
a white kid with blue shorts about to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
a man dressed as santa sitting on a chair playing a banjo .
"this young man is wearing a black cap and gown , and he is holding onto his cap ."
a woman is rolling fresh tortillas .
a man wearing a helmet is doing a stunt with his bmx bike .
two women are shopping for glassware outside a store .
a dog is walking in a tire track in the snow .
a woman walks down a busy street carrying papers .
a woman with a nike hat hard at work .
a man in jeans and a t-shirt loading something into a trailer .
african people walk by a teal colored building in the desert .
a man is riding a bike along a dirt trail .
an african woman walks away from grass looking huts in a village carrying a back in her left hand .
people from an african tribe are gathered outside .
"their backs to the camera and under artificial lighting , three men stand at a food counter ."
a woman in a white and orange dress dances with a man .
a man stands on a street corner with a small child looking at a sign .
a military group stands at attention .
african people in tribal wear in a desert .
an african walks through a field .
a tribal couple are standing posing for a picture and the man is holding a rifle on his shoulder .
a busy urban street full of people .
a closeup picture of a man and a woman .
a person is carrying a snowboard across deep snow .
a man wearing suspenders performs a split in midair .
two brown dogs play in the snow .
the man in the black jacket is walking past the dilapidated doorways .
several people play and relax on the beach .
a driver gets high in the air with his motorbike .
2 woman next to a table selling various stuff
a black dog and small white and black dog look up at a kitchen countertop .
four people and a dog play in the snow .
a newlywed wife is under an umbrella held by a pastor .
men wearing aprons work in the kitchen .
a vendor cooking food there are two red gas cans with food lined up ready to sell .
a man surfs on a huge green wave .
a lady with kind eyes and long brown hair is holding an ax by a tree .
a lady fastens someone 's  ice skates in the snow .
four girls in blue perform on a basketball court in front of a crowd .
"cheerleaders , wearing blue shirts and black shorts , dancing in a gym ."
two men are wrestling while other people are watching
man in a blue coat holding a sign .
a dog laying down on a green cushion .
"a young boy is holding a paper , which says  "" radeo ""  , above his homemade radio ."
a woman with long brown hair is standing outside in the snow holding a harp .
the woman with blond-hair is posing with a large ax .
"a woman is holding two fans , one black , one red , and is wearing making with a red dress ."
two men in a group of people looking down at something .
a girl sits on an ad and checks her phone; another girl waits .
five women wearing scarves on their heads are talking .
a group of people are in a large raft on choppy water .
a large crowd of people ice skating outdoors .
a woman plays with long red ribbons in an empty square .
old man taking a stroll along the beautiful rolling green hills .
a dog is running across a desert with bushes around him .
the black dog playfully bites the yellow dog near the furniture .
several people are standing and chatting in a room with many empty chairs .
"many people run down a street in a marathon race , as onlookers watch ."
a little girl sitting in a chair holding a cellphone to her ear .
a person wearing an orange coat is walking during dark hour .
a man power washes steps by a large swimming pool .
a photo of a volvo dealership at night with two people surrounded by orange cones .
a boy wearing a red shirt is splashed by water .
an older man walking on a grass sports field .
a person wearing jeans and a coat jogs on a sidewalk .
these people are having a good time .
a man smiles as he sits in a bubble bath wiggling his toes in front of the camera .
"a large man , in a jacket and hat , is holding something up to his ear ."
musicians play near a concrete wall .
men in suits and ties walking downsteps
several people dressed in red are sitting and standing on grass .
"a passionate , beautiful , young couple ready to dance ."
four people and a dog are on the edge of the shore .
a man looking through a telescope at something far below him .
an asian woman holding an asian baby that is reaching toward the camera .
a couple taking a wedding photo with their wedding party .
a young woman in a plaid jacket and face mask drives a passenger on a scooter .
a skateboarder performs a stunt .
a slalom skier wearing red pants and black shirt is skiing past a red flag .
a skier going goes down the mountain .
two men at the beach twirl sticks with fire at the ends .
a person drawing chinese characters with his feet .
"three young girls , who look like sisters , are all holding pink and blue baseball gloves and a baseball ."
a little girl sitting in the snow
"two guys pose with two women , everyone is wearing black and white ."
"white , long-necked bird with yellow legs flies over water ."
young man flipping off of something into a body of water .
three school-aged children in uniforms jumping rope
a man in a camouflage jacket pulling a little girl in a light purple jacket with pink beanie on a sled through the snow with an atv .
there is a woman carrying a ball and is smiling .
the gymnast does a flip over the bar .
a bride getting ready with her bridesmaids wearing red .
the man is riding a large wave on a surfboard .
the bride 's  side of a wedding party .
two skiers getting ready to jump off of a ski lift .
a man surfs over a huge wave in the ocean .
woman in red kneels to help sitting bride put on her shoe .
the young adults are standing outside their school .
"two firemen , dressed in uniforms , are walking out of the firetruck onto the sidewalk ."
a person stands in a vast field of melting snow .
a crowd of people stands in front of a large building with bleachers in front of it .
a german shepherd is running through the snow .
boy jumping in the air with a skateboard .
a group of synchronized swimmers .
a man romantically kissing a woman on a park path .
"a man in a texas longhorns hat , uses a nail gun on a roof ."
"a single man in a blue t-shirt , jeans , and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles ."
a baby in a white and light purple outfit crying .
a woman in a blue jacket is getting a cigarette outside .
a rodeo guy in a red shirt rides a bucking bronco .
a roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home .
a logger cutting down a large tree trunk in barren woods .
a crowd shouting outside a building waving american flags .
three men singing with two microphones .
a man in a black winter jacket and red shirt stands over a snowy slope with the mountains as his background .
group of adults sitting in a circle at a meeting .
a woman in a puffy red jacket poses for a picture at an ice skating rink .
"a group of men , women and children ."
the surfer is coming in from riding a big wave .
a lone snowboarder jumping in the air doing a trick .
a group of four people is walking down a snowy street .
a man hands a child to another man as they exit a boat
a small white and black dog jumping over a big brown couch .
a child in a white shirt and hat is climbing .
the black dog jumps out of the snow to catch an object .
a single person rowing a small boat on a lake .
a man is dumping a black garbage can full of junk into a machine .
some people in building as seen from the street at night .
a group of people walking on the side of a railroad track .
a man jumps his dirt bike at night .
an indigenous man standing on the beach laughing at the photographer taking the picture .
a boy sits inside a shopping cart .
a group of climbers in silhouette stare towards the sun over the mountaintops .
large group of people standing outside of a building .
a small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow .
a man is admiring art in a museum .
a woman in wearing a white hat holding a scythe and a cutting of wheat .
a gentleman pouring a glass of wine for a lady .
"two men are sitting on black leather chairs , and one of them is holding up a caffeine free coca-cola ."
a man breakdances on his head in the middle of the dance floor .
a boy in brown is running on a dirt road .
surfer is in the middle of a huge wave .
an elderly man wearing a white top-hat dances with his wife at a gathering .
a brown and black dog fetching a blue toy .
a group of asian children are part of an audience sitting on blue benches .
three race dogs run to finish a race .
a smiling man wearing glasses holds a crying baby to his face .
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade
two black males are posing for a picture with winter clothes on .
a young boy playing the piano .
a group of men standing around with a woman in japan .
a basketball player with a ball and defenders .
"a woman is holding a wooden frame in pool of water , which is in a snowy place , and there are 2 more half-naked men behind her in the pool ."
a young couple do yoga positions in front of a torii gate .
a woman in a white sweater is walking past shops along the sidewalk .
a woman holds a baby and smiles for the picture .
children sit in front of a computer while their teacher instructs them .
craftsman is working with wood and a nail gun .
a basketball player dribbles the ball while another blocks him and an official looks on .
the basketball player is dropping the basketball into the net .
there are two woman on horseback .
a man on a half pipe doing a skateboard trick .
the skateboarder wearing jeans and a white shirt performs a trick .
a boy and a person off-camera playing a card game .
a tan dog runs through a field with his ears flying in the air
a bike rider in the air above a ramp .
an older man having his beard shaved by a younger man in front of a crowd of people in a lecture hall .
children wearing black and white are performing .
a group of people sitting and standing around at night wearing costumes .
two children hang from a low tree branch
a white lady in colorful dress drinking out of a glass .
two sumo wrestlers fighting in a match
two sumo wrestlers are fighting in a ring .
a young child with a red belt does a demonstration .
a boy takes a nap as his mother carries him on her back .
a man sitting on a crate plays the guitar .
a black woman in winter clothes standing in a building entry .
a man crossing an intersection and others are walking
people watch as something lights up the sky .
a woman riding on a children 's  toy .
"a trio of guitarists , dressed all in black , play their instruments ."
this man is doing a stunt on a skateboard outdoors .
a man in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down .
there is a crowd of people on stage raising their hands in the air .
"a black horse with a white on his forehead and nose , running ."
a group of people cheering and having a good time .
a man in a blue pinstriped suit is reading a newspaper while smoking a cigar
woman in white dribbling basketball .
seven children sitting near a person with a black flowered outfit .
young men are playing soccer on a beach .
three people wearing blindfolds with a greenpeace sign hanging in the background .
a dalmation runs along the beach .
two young boys wearing matching new york giants outfits are playing with laundry .
a young person playing in the snow with two black dogs .
a gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field .
a ski jumper is in the air .
"a man with a name tag that says  "" jim ""  is knitting ."
a blond woman is sitting under a turkey farm canopy .
a skateboarder in the air at the top of ramp .
a small dog runs through the grass .
the skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches .
a grayhound dog is sprinting .
the white and brown dog are playing in the dead grass .
"two men , one wearing a blue pinstriped shirt , singing karaoke"
a group of women are sitting around a table working with yarn in a crowded room .
a man twirling a flaming baton .
brown and white dog plays with blue ball in blue water-filled shell .
a woman and a man ride bikes across a city street .
there are a lot of people crowded around a blue sign .
a man in orange is holding up a bicycle near a crowd .
a small white and black dog chasing a slightly larger brown dog in a grassy area .
two people in an orange race car .
the boat with passengers gets lifted out of the water by a large cable .
child playing in waves with sun on the horizon .
a young girl is playing on a forest log .
a mom holding her child on a red sofa while they are both having fun .
a man in a red jacket and hat talks to another man .
a boy is waiting outside a window with bars .
a skier in red pants is on a snow covered slope .
a group of men drink at a bar and talk .
a woman sits on a carpeted floor with a baby .
the brown and white dog is playing in the snow .
"a man , woman , and child sit and eat food outdoors ."
a child and a man walking in the sand .
a young child wearing a white coat playing a children 's  gold game .
three people are posing on the side of a mountain .
a heron is flying through the air near foliage .
a cyclist is being photographed whilst doing a jump off a ramp .
a man and wife stand at the alter as they get married .
a man is sweeping the street in front of a tree .
a woman kissing a man in an orange shirt and brown jacket on the cheek .
two blond women sit in grass with a small dog .
a young woman in a yellow shirt runs across a grassy field in competition .
a man is standing in front of a chalkboard pointing at diagrams
a dog is chewing on a metal pole .
an asian man is talking on his cellphone in his cubicle at work .
three women are running with numbers on their chest .
several people are talking with doctors in a room .
a brown dog digs in the sand happily .
two kids walk up the sidewalk with their backpacks .
father and daughter are playing in a shallow area of a lake together .
a large bird swooping down towards the ground .
eight men and women are posed with arms outstretched in a step fashion .
a group of people race across a grass field .
one boy skateboarding on a rail and three boys watching .
a crowd of people are standing on a snow covered hill watching the sun go down .
a white and brown cat bats at a frayed string dangling in front of him
small boy lying on his stomach on the grass .
a group of men in different color attire are running a marathon .
an ice hockey player takes water from a green bottle .
"a man with a ski mask , dressed all in black , plays guitar ."
a boy in white shorts stands on a rusty tower .
a man contorts his body as he plays baseball .
"man with cupcakes and coffee contemplating the statement  "" who are you? "" "
a man has fallen asleep with his mouth open .
a woman watches children swimming in a public pool .
children are sleeping on mats on the floor .
a hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal .
two people smile underneath a large red flower and in front of a vine-covered wall .
a man in a green coat using a magnifying glass to read a book while sitting on a bench .
a woman wearing a white jacket walks past a billboard that is advertising hamburgers .
a man wearing a yellow sweatshirt carries a white cart on the sidewalk while another man carrying a backpack walks by .
a man is by a shopping cart with people walking on the street .
a man with four running dogs in nature .
a team of breakdancers sets up along the side of a road in the city as many onlookers gather .
a soccer player in a white shirt kicked a goal .
"a man in white pants plays the guitar , singing , as two other band members play along and dance ."
a man in a gray shirt sings at a microphone .
a man playing guitar and signing next to a woman in a dress playing an instrument
a man stands next to a life saver .
three people are playing in a band .
a guy with a gray shirt and jeans is on stage singing with a microphone .
a teenager with a purple bandanna around his neck plays the electric guitar and screams into a microphone .
two young female floor hockey players fight over the ball .
a teenager chopping wood on a snow covered street with a another teenager running out to him .
construction worker working on lumber wearing gloves .
a guy cuts wood in little pieces in the snow .
a snowboarder flies through the air .
two people are riding bikes on a vacant street near the ocean .
a woman carrying buckets in the mountains of the countryside .
a smiling man leaning to his right stands behind a smiling woman leaning to her left .
a man rollerblading at a skate park .
a surfer goes up a wave of water .
a man in a zippered jacket snowboarding .
a man in a white shirt is playing tennis in a field .
a dog is galloping on the beach .
a man in a helmet stands on the hood of a car on fire as people watch .
a father and infant son enjoying themselves at a pool .
a black and white dog carries a huge stick on the green grass .
a dog jumps in midair to catch a frisbee .
a young woman works behind the counter at a juice bar .
a man selling creative balloons on the street .
a person wearing skis makes a jump over the snow .
a person is bowling at a colorful bowling ally .
a man is riding a bicycle down a road while being closely followed by a german shepherd and possibly a black labrador as two younger men walk along the curb toward them .
two men speak closely at a party .
a snowboarder flying through the air doing a trick on a snowy mountain .
two women are in a kitchen preparing vegetables in a wok .
the young man is flying through the air on his green snowboard .
two people (a man and a woman) leaning up against a building conversing
a woman standing in a group of people in an office like setting .
two miners work in a large pit .
a black and white dog returns a stick in the snow .
a man with a white hat on a scooter .
a woman with pink hair is outside wearing a green coat and a scarf with hearts on it .
a snowboarder getting air at night .
a police officer leans against his motorcycle and watches the streets .
two people on cots watching the water at twilight .
a person in a red shirt on a skateboard .
four asian women pose for a picture .
people are having a conversation in the inner room of a ship .
a person jumps a bicycle off a large dirt ramp .
a group of men and one girl are standing in the street .
african woman with child writes the alphabet on a chalkboard .
two men hold a discussion on a street curb while a yellow taxi drives past a chaotic background of advertising .
adults stand around a classroom in africa .
people are gathered on a platform in water for a ceremony .
children are playing music outside .
a person is doing a back flip while other people and cars go by in the background .
young red-haired man is playing an electric guitar .
two white dogs running on ground covered with colorful fallen leaves .
an african woman dressed in traditional clothing is playing a drum .
construction workers are using a machine at night .
lady in black standing and smoking with another girl sitting on the steps .
a mountain lion is leaping off of a rock .
a skier makes a jump with his skis crossed .
two women stop to have their picture taken outside the chocolate factory .
a lady on stilts on a sidewalk has spectators .
an older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
a bald eagle stands in shallow water .
a little girl in a purple coat stares at the fish at the market .
a skateboarder performs a trick on a ramp .
a blond dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow .
a family of six and three dogs taking a walk in the woods .
a group of young children standing in a row leaning against a wall .
cyclist in snowy forest at night
a guy is on the ground in a bullring near a half airborne white bull while another guy steps toward him .
a person standing on stilts is bending over .
a white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
a little kid plays on the equipment at the park .
two dogs run through a grassy patch that is surrounded by trees .
a girl is getting a tattoo on her hand .
two girls dressed up with sumo pants wrestling while people look on .
"a leather dressed rodeo cowboy stars blankly , while people look on from outside the ring ."
a group of people are hiking in the woods .
an older woman adding spices to food she is preparing .
they are feeding the tortoise water and the baby boy is excited to see it .
a family deciding what to other at a restaurant
a snowboarder is jumping off a high stone wall .
two people stand next to a goat .
the muzzled dog with the number eight races on the dirt track .
a chef uses a microphone as he opens the lid on a fresh dish of food .
a young man with dreadlocks and a tied dyed shirt is doing tricks on his skateboard .
someone in a blue coat and white sneakers is airborne .
the young adults take a group shot of themselves .
an individual adorned in white rides a motorcycle .
"two little girls , one in green and one in purple , reading a book ."
a boy in a blue shirt runs while smiling .
man in blue and white uniform shooting basketball being blocked by man in white and red .
african american woman in blue shirt looks down at food .
the woman wearing glasses is painting the face of the blond girl .
a man gestures to two women while standing in a parking lot .
a white man wearing white and red swim trunks is jumping into a swimming pool .
tourists are gathering in front of a historic building in winter .
a man in a gray hat pushes some type of equipment over ice .
a dog bounds into the water .
a child wearing a gray winter coat and blue snow boots is unhappy upon discovering their playhouse covered in snow .
this man studies the controls while working with heavy machinery .
a man operates a small piece of equipment .
a baby girl with a mouthful of cereal .
a person jogs on a waters edge in a red jacket and black pants .
a young girl is rolling a giant snowball outside .
a group of people are walking in the fog toward a creepy house .
a girl leaps into the air in front of the ocean .
a girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch .
people standing around watching monitors on the wall .
people barely visible except for upraised arms .
many dogs are shown in the grass .
a little girl blows bubbles in a courtyard with a ship in the background .
a man is driving a red atv up a rugged hill .
"a man , with rainbow hair , and a woman are yelling out the window of a limo ."
many people climb on a ropes course outside .
man in bright yellow jacket and black pants riding a bicycle in snow by a roadway protected by a railing .
guys in blue shirts are working on a car .
a young man juggles six black and white balls .
"a middle-aged woman , wearing an apron , carrying a container of ice cream and cones ."
the man is sitting on a stool playing the trombone .
"three dogs run on wide , grassy , outdoor area ."
a dog in a harness pulling a pink carrier behind it on snow .
ballerinas dancing on a large stage under blue spotlights .
a man is lying down in the middle of a dirty alley .
a kid looks at a snowboard while in the snow .
the skier is leaning forward in the snow .
a snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
a brown and white dog stands on the sand to look at another dog .
a performance group is staged in one collective motion .
large black dog is pulling things around on a red sled .
group of people gathered for a funeral on a beach .
a man carves an ice block with a chainsaw .
"an older man wearing a bright green , yellow , and red shirt holding a red accordion ."
cyclists compete in a race that takes them on a dirt mountain road .
a dog sled with two passengers travelling through the snow .
a brown squirrel jumps into the air in a snowy area .
three window washers perform their job .
a young girl with dark hair and a red bow smiles while embracing a young dark-haired boy .
people stand on an icy street in the snow around a car .
a participant in a dog sled race passes onlookers .
a little boy is admiring a green sports car .
a group of people are at a convention waving american flags .
three dogs running in the dirt .
a man tries a trick shot in a small bowling alley while his friend watches .
the guys are shooting hoops .
a little girl in a striped dress has a pink scarf .
people playing in a snow-covered street .
a clown in a black and white striped shirts is entertaining a young girl .
"an older woman sitting at a table in a restaraunt , holding a glass ."
two men are working on the curb of a street .
man drawing a picture on a balcony overlooking a church .
a german shepherd dog is running in the snow .
a boy run through a big wheel .
two boys are running in a metal barrel .
two woman with black purses are looking at the back of a camera
a man in a heavy coat makes repairs at a train station .
two white standard poodles playing tug-of-war in the snow .
a brown dog holding a huge stick in its mouth running in the snow .
a blue character sits in the stands at a sports event .
a volleyball player in an orange shirt jumps into the air to hit the ball .
two women in orange jump up to block a volleyball shot at a volleyball match .
two brown dogs wearing muzzles race through a grassy field .
the smiling woman stands in grass near a creek .
a bald man wearing a brown jacket stands in front of the bryant park newsstand while snow flurries fall on new york city .
a group of people are running a race .
people in front of a beige five story building .
a man is laying on a bed opening a package .
a woman in a fur coat and hat is looking at flowers
a little girl walks down the tree lined road .
"three people are dressed in jade green , talking near a fence ."
people watching at the arts in exhibition .
two snowboarders in yellow and green are jumping in the air .
a man in a forest setting looks through a hollow piece of wood .
two guys with long hair standing in front of a window .
a boy toddler is holding a bat he is about to swing at a pinata .
two young men stand at a home 's  open front door on a snowy evening .
a group of five adults stand posing in front of buildings .
a mother is on her knees fixing her daughter 's  blue dress .
mother and daughter going up town to go shopping
a skier wearing white sunglasses is skiing down a snowy mountain very fast .
middle-aged man cleaning the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom .
a girl in a black coat and red hat riding a red sled down a snowy hill .
two young kids wearing winter coats play in the snow .
a little boy tells a secret to a little girl
a singer is singing into a microphone .
a brown and white dog walking in the snow near a fence .
a man is walking through fire .
"a man on the ground near a row of cars , and another man standing holding the first man 's  leg ."
a man jumping off of some logs .
a woman checks her progress on the read-out of a treadmill at the gym .
a man in a blue shirt hikes through a nature trail .
one person is sitting on a beach with a rainbow in the background .
a group of ladies playing cards
a woman pushes a stroller past a fence behind which some uniformed boys reach out .
two men are racing in the water .
multiple surfers are out in the ocean waiting for a wave .
a boy and a young woman in a headscarf make peace signs .
a black and white dog jumping in the snow .
a young girl plays with her dolls .
a brown-haired man with glasses is wearing a burgundy hooded sweatshirt while sitting at a dinner table checking his cellphone .
a man and woman setup a camera .
a little girl in a pink jacket is in the middle of the frame .
a man interviews a boy in a gathering of people .
a man is engulfed in flames while two movie crewmen supervise .
a man playing a guitar and a man playing drums
gray dog with muzzle and with the #8 yellow striped identification is running .
a woman with dark hair working on some colorful fabric .
a black dog with a purple collar and a black leash runs in the grass .
beautiful mountain scenery and a ski lift .
a group lies in the snow while someone on a blue snow sled jumps over them .
a man dancing on the street in front of a crowd .
a man is setting up a camera on a tripod while a woman stands in the background .
a man sitting in front of a stage
a woman in a black coat with a camera on a tripod
a man is playing a guitar in front of a brick wall .
young boy in a winter hat sliding down a snowy hill .
the man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue .
a tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day .
a dog runs headlong towards a hurdle .
a dog is looking at a white swan swimming in a lake .
a man stands on his head in front of a crowd .
a man posing in front of a crowd on a busy street .
man in colorful jersey and cap performs for crowd in urban area .
a boy running through surf on a beach .
two dogs run across the grassy field .
a man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation .
several children running along with a woman .
people are gathering under colored lights in a large tent .
a man in an orange snowsuit is on a dogsled in the snow .
dogs are pulling a person on a sled in the snow .
man in white shirt poses in front of white fence and large building .
a redheaded girl is in the bath with suds all over her chin .
guy in black uniform dribbling basketball away from guy in white uniform
a yellow plush toy costume on street event .
a group of men are playing rugby .
an old man in white playing a saxophone as he sits on a stool .
"a man concentrates on his music , holding his violin ."
the worker is standing on a ladder on a city sidewalk repairing the building with a large drill .
two fencers in gear fighting in a fencing class
the two men are playing frisbee in a field .
two men are untangling their nets on the dock .
the two young boys play in a puddle on a comfortable day .
a man holds a baby who is holding eyeglasses .
a person on a bike leaps high in the air at a beach .
several kids are sitting down and holding basketballs
a woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market .
"rescue workers helping a person into a carry device , in a snowy area ."
young asian students smile and present their new basketballs .
young girl in a pink shirt with toys all around her .
an emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path .
a black and white dog biting onto a chunk of ice .
three people are standing on stage and two of the people watch the other person play the trumpet .
a young boy is playing in the park with his mother .
two white dogs swim face to face in shady water .
a man with headlight gear is standing in a cave .
a motocross bike is being ridden along a woodland path .
two runners get ready to race on a track .
a yellow dog runs down a dirt path .
a group of musicians on stage playing music .
a motor-cross rider in red splashes through mud and rain with his motorcycle .
a woman appears to be struggling from lifting an object .
a white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass .
a boy grinds a ledge on his skateboard .
people in a pool and something just created a large splash .
the brown and black dog sprints across the snow .
a man skies on the snowy ground among trees .
"a man , in a blue shirt , lifts a weight bar ."
a group of people are firing up a hot air balloon .
three dogs race in the snow together .
a dog running along beside a cow in a grassy field .
a dog and a chicken next to a building .
a woman in jeans and a black jacket standing on the road in front of a white and red bus .
a man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses .
a brown dog making a funny face while standing on a beach .
a boy on a snowboard leaps through the air .
a large group of people are packed tightly into a train .
two people are sumo wrestling .
a little black dog and a large brown dog are out in the snow .
a man speaking with two women .
a black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent .
a parking lot filled with bikes and trikes .
"a refrigerator is stuck in a bank of snow , and a man is skiing on it ."
group of black men loading luggage onto the top of a bus
a woman in a lavender tank top is selling kettle korn at a stand .
several people are sitting on a roof in a middle eastern city .
the man sang a song while another man played guitar .
men working on a project .
a man wearing an orange shirt hits a ball with a tennis racket .
a casually dressed man having a conversation with a man in a suit .
a man about to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
an older gentleman sits behind a control board .
a maid in a white uniform sweeps the floor .
the motocross rider is jumping his dirt bike .
two girls standing inside of a wooden gate with one girl waving .
a violinist and a singer perform in front of people .
a man standing looking at a book and a boy sitting and holding something .
man in blue shirt smoking
the man is playing the acoustic guitar while the other men make gestures
a motorcyclist riding covered head to toe with mud
three women and men selling their items in a cold winter day .
a group of men pulling a rope on a crag .
a swimmer comes up above the surface of the water for air .
a man sits at a computer and types .
an older white man with a blue bucket painting a window cage .
girl in school outfit atop a tree .
a man is diving into water near a shore .
a variety of folks in the back of a large wagon .
two large dogs running while a third watches .
three women are smiling with paintings behind them .
a dog nips at the leg of a horse .
four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volleyball
a woman in formal riding gear riding her horse on the beach .
various people seen through a subway window .
a man in a beret and thin mustache gestures to two women in conversation .
a guy on a skateboard about to do a trick
one man doing breakdancing on his head with a silver helmet and another playing music while onlookers pass by
man wearing flashy gold shirt standing in apartment
a basketball player tries to aim for the goal while being blocked by other players .
man does a trick flipping over several people lined up at a street fair .
a chipmunk stands on the edge of a field and road
a couple of hikers cross a bridge .
a little brown dog is running in the snow .
a dirt bike tears up the terrain .
a lone skier goes down an empty hill under a blue sky .
white father and sun in blue wetsuits with boogie board in the water .
people are standing on a railway platform reading newspapers .
people in a gymnasium dancing in a contest .
the racing dog has a muzzle and is wearing striped jersey #8 .
old man wearing a red shirt sitting on a green bench .
three men stand together with two pairs of scales beside large heaps of fresh vegetables .
a white crane is flying above some water .
two dogs run through grass near a body of water .
a red-haired woman carries a baby on her chest in a carrier .
a man works on a microscope while at least four others observe and one videotapes it .
a band playing in a dark indoor area .
a man wearing a scarf around his head is playing a flute outside .
a person secured in a harness swings toward a suspended ball .
two dogs lying on their backs on the purple bed .
a man in a red shirt is holding magazines .
"a man is holding a pile of newspapers in a lobby , and a woman next to him has taken one of the newspapers and is smiling ."
a young girl filling a bottle with liquid using a funnel and pitcher .
a child in a scouts uniform is bagging things at a store .
two men in an office are wrestling as two other men watch on .
two people working in water next to field
four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach .
a man is up on a scaffold and appears to be washing the windows of a building .
a man with dreadlocks talks on his cellphone .
"a baby in a blue shirt , looking at the camera while holding a crayon they were using ."
a man and a woman sitting by the water .
a woman covering her eyes in a park as the day comes to an end
a person in winter clothes covers their face with a sweater .
the brown headed boy on his scooter is going to the toy store after school .
a black dog is chasing another black dog that 's  carrying a ball in its mouth .
a martial artist demonstrating his skill by breaking boards with his foot in a dojo .
a young child is trying to discover his way .
"a group of people , several of which are wearing fuzzy pink antennae ."
several people are helping to move a vendor cart .
a black dog and a brown and white dog running in the grass .
group of people waving small american flags by a fence .
no traffic because it is sunday and the man is waiting to cross the road .
a black-haired woman is shopping for groceries holding roses .
man in blue hat and blue and black striped shirt doing skateboarding trick on rock .
a man wearing a coat and a scarf stands near a cafe .
a child with a stick and no shirt sitting in the grass
three boys are searching for their books in a library .
black and white dog is jumping into the air to catch a ball outside .
three kids are climbing a large tree in the city .
a hawk sits in a budding tree looking left .
people listen to two men play guitar on a boat .
several people are walking along a narrow bridge over some water .
two people hike up a snowy hill .
a small black dog runs through the white snow .
small asian man in shorts with a really huge saw cutting wood .
"the kitchen worker at a restaurant observes the dining room , including a man in a red jacket ."
in a small village a man sets sail along the swamp .
a hair dresser is applying permed on a client 's  hair in a salon .
two women pose for a picture in a bedroom .
a woman in a gray top has her reflection caught in the bathroom mirror .
two women and a child celebrating at a nighttime party .
an individual is walking down a set of steps with a bag in their left hand .
two women wrestle at the beach next to a city .
"a halway has a sign that says  "" port du casque obligatoire ""  and some graffiti ."
women at a counter in a laundry mat looking at through her purse .
a teenage boy gives another teenage boy a piggyback ride in a forest .
"puppies , chickens and a turkey examining bucket contents on dirt ."
two dogs standing and one dog laying down on its back .
a businessman leaving early for the day .
a bearded man in a blue shirt ls laughing while a suited mustached man holds up a glass .
a man looking at the scenery through binoculars .
a man attached to a harness is climbing a rock wall .
"a young boy outside by the pool , smiling ."
the white swan is taking off from the water .
two men are running with numbers pinned to their shirts .
a small child wearing jeans and a football jersey is wearing a clothing hamper as a hat .
a man is wearing a number on his white shirt .
this man appears to be sleeping while resting his head on his hand .
a man wearing a maroon shirt tied around his face is laying on the cement
man standing in front of a table filled with an assortment of eatable items as darkness look on .
two african men mind their own business .
sveral young boys climbing out of the water on a concrete sidewalk
a woman lies on the floor next to a baby .
a silhouetted figure stands at the top of a snow-covered peak at the end of some tracks .
a male and female are at a table with a drink .
a child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire .
a skateboarder is jumping off a wooden table down some steps .
a biker going up a path lined with red tape .
a baby is sitting on a blue slide .
a tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball .
old man and woman in jackets facing each other
a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow .
two basketball players play in a game .
two men are playing basketball and one is trying to block the others shot .
a basketball player is getting ready to shoot a hoop
a man at a sporting even dressed in green and yellow is smiling .
a person in a multicolored jacket smoking a cigarette inside the driveway of a building .
an older white man in a black cowboy hat sings into a microphone .
a black dog is running down a path .
the basketball player in blue is running between two players in white .
the basketball player holds the ball .
the brown and black dog has his mouth open .
a dog in a field holding something in its mouth .
a woman in a floral shirt and white gloves balances a fishbowl on her head .
there are hundreds of people with red shirts running a marathon .
"two people with signs reading  "" free hug ""  are staring with people nearby ."
people walking down street lined with chinese lanterns .
a man in green holding a sign hugs a blond woman .
a woman with red-hair is stapling paper .
a woman and two young girls shelter themselves from the rain with umbrellas .
the snow borader is riding a rail .
a woman is doing yoga and smiling at the camera .
man in an office setting jumps rope in business attire .
two people stand in front of a lake in the snow and pose for a picture .
two couples pose for a picture in the winter .
a large gray bird begins to land in the water .
a girl in a burka is learning vocabulary in a classroom .
a girl is holding plastic wrap around her head .
a snowboarder goes down a short hill next to stairs .
a man with a red white and black striped shirt is pulling a cart full of blue buckets and brooms .
a couple of people are watching a cruise ship .
a woman is riding her bike and enjoying the ocean scenery .
a kid sitting on an upside boat by the waterfront .
a girl is comforting a small child who fell on the ice while skating
a black man with dreadlocks is clapping .
two black dogs run with a tennis ball across the snowy dirt .
a man in a white hat is cleaning a display window at a restaurant .
a man holding a baby who is petting a pony .
two basketball players fighting over control of a ball .
a man in jeans and a work shirt and gloves holds a chainsaw with a plant in the foreground .
cricket player with red cap hits the ball outdoors .
a man and a skateboard on top of a barrel .
several women are playing a game of beach volleyball .
a boy leans on a baseball bat and holds out one arm outstreached .
three men wear blue hard hats and orange vests .
a man wearing protective clothing is being bitten on the arm by a dog .
three friends are laughing on a skiing trip .
"the small , golden dog is attempting to take a furry object from a larger look-alike"
a man wearing shorts is running along a beach .
inspectors trying to check a car that had collided with a track outside chevron gas station in texas .
a female rugby player trying to outmaneuver opposing players .
on the street a man sits and plays the drums while a man standing beside him plays the guitar .
the dog runs in the deep snow .
young girls with gold and red capes running in a gymnasium .
two people are outside walking through the snow .
a man wearing a blue wetsuit is wakeboarding through a big wave .
a couple is sharing a kiss on a cold sunny day .
a fashionably dressed woman holding a record in a frame at a used bookstore .
people are gathered flying kites on a hillside .
this person is laying on the floor at the bottom of the stairs and is missing a shoe .
a man jogging on the sidewalk while listening to music .
a man is skateboarding in front of a group of people .
a man doing an acrobatic move on the seashore .
the dog is running full speed through the meadow .
waitress in a black hat setting up the table .
a man in a full wetsuit surfs a crashing wave .
person skiing on slope near ski lift
white tents lined up with red chinese lanterns hanging from them
two dogs are playing around in the dirt .
dog standing with 1 foot up in a large field .
a man on a bmx bike jumps over a train
a large vehicle travels through a bumpy and muddy path .
a black man is walking past a building on a busy sidewalk .
the boy is on blue bike and is above a fence .
a man walking behind a running dog on the beach .
a beautiful white dog walking in the brown grass .
a group of four guys wearing tutu
a snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board .
a farmer and three children work on a farm .
a black and white dog rests its head on a camera .
a person with a green shirt jumps high over the grass .
a small brown dog plays with a ball on the beach .
two girls are hanging tinsel from a christmas tree .
a girl in a black shirt is putting a star on top of a christmas tree .
two young girls are wrapped in christmas tinsel .
"small boy with blue eyes wearing a white and red , orange and yellow bib"
little boy shoveling snow in the driveway .
a woman is walking her dog along a row of colorful houses with garages .
a man in a white hat watching seagulls with two children .
a woman in a black and white long-sleeve floral print dress with pink lipstick appears to be singing near a brick wall and an atm machine .
young boy in red hoodie ice skating .
a skier is jumping off a steep hillside covered with snow .
a mountain biker wearing a colorful helmet rides downhill .
a man in all black clothing on stage reading something from a piece of paper into the microphone to the audience .
some people in medieval costume are walking through a crowded street .
"kids , toddlers and women taking a bath and washing clothes , probably near a riverbed and one girl is carrying a container of water ."
a group of people are standing .
three colorful clowns with ballons posing next to another plastic clown .
a small child is playing with hula-hoops in a yard of a neighborhood .
three boys cross a river with some sort of wild animal .
a man with black gloves sits on someone 's  shoulders to take a picture .
three men wearing white uniforms stand on a grass field in front of a crowd .
asian mother and child are looking at the aquarium tank .
a black bird in the air with leaves in its mouth .
hockey players with one taking a shot .
a woman in red and white standing in the middle of the street .
boy skateboarding down a stair railing in winter
a skier dressed in black speeds down the mountain .
a person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding .
back of a red-haired woman riding on the subway .
a boy in a blue jacket on a subway train .
a group of people are on a boat in a marina .
a black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth .
a chef in a blue hat bends over in front of people while they are eating .
a young boy with a blue umbrella waits outside a shop .
"two women embrace , one in a brown shirt and one in a purple shirt , as other people look on ."
kids talking to an elderly woman in front of a door .
three children are standing on the trunk of a tree that has fallen .
"this gentleman in a white shirt , is really studying , at his computer ."
a man is kicking the soccer ball towards the goalie on a warm day .
a skier outfitted in red on a snow-covered mountain .
a man going down the hill in the snow
a boy with a basketball .
a person in a green shirt on a skateboard jumping off of a short set of stairs .
a snowboarder in red rides down the slope .
a woman in a lavish orange dress dances with a man in all black clothing .
the man is playing in the yard with two dogs .
people on bicycles riding through a group of onlookers .
a couple enjoying a glass of white wine .
three basketball players in white are defending against the attacking player with the ball in orange .
four people and the sun .
a little girl kicking a soccer ball to a little boy .
a child doing some drills for soccer .
a group of kids are running while playing soccer .
a surfer in a red shirt is under a large wave .
a shaggy black and white dog is running on the grass .
a man and a woman ride scooter like vehicles
a child crossing a chain fence to get to the water .
a crowd scene in front of mosque .
a man standing alone with a sad look upon his face .
a man in a striped hat walks by a disco establishment .
the brightly colored rider is riding down a countryside hill on a scooter .
a group of bike riders are riding on the street .
a chorus is standing in front of an american flag in sailor hats singing .
a little girl in a purple hat is starring .
five people in white shirts wearing gray hats in the woods with tools .
a boy runs on colorful lines .
a woman is asleep on a chair on a bus .
a teenager is attempting a skateboarding trick in an urban area .
a little boy with a blue goggles and headset is wearing a black shirt with a number on it and a gray shorts .
a baby in a pot on a stove .
a child wearing a coat among some trees and funny designs .
a woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a domino 's  pizza sign .
"a child in a brown , patterned jacket lays on a couch with a blue blanket"
a snowboarder jumps high over the snowy hill .
four people walking along the side of a brick building .
a mountain biker wearing white races through a turn .
a smiling woman and man are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio .
a skater performs a stunt off a cement wall covered in graffiti .
lots of people on a stairway in an old fancy building for an event .
a group of people walking on snowy steps .
a stunt man does a bike trick up in the air while fireworks go off around him
a brown god relaxes on a brick sidewalk .
a large group of people come together to proclaim their cause before the cameras .
"people dressed for cool weather , eagerly waiting in line ."
two children are on a bed while playing with some toys .
asian boy puts his head inside a large bubble .
people are gathering around a table of food and outside a taxi wisks by .
one teenager taking a risk by diving on his side .
two boys are playing in the water near an old building and a boat .
two latinos playing instruments; one on the violin and the other on harp .
male wearing brown shirt holding a microphone with an expression of singing .
a group of performers sing and play under the spotlight .
two people sit on a dock next to each other watching the sunset .
a man sitting in the corner talking on his cellphone .
a group of many people who seem to be selling or eating food under a tent .
"a guy playing a guitar with  "" whatever it takes ""  written on it ."
several people have set up temporary camp beside a large marble support column .
a stage is being erected on a city street while passersby watch .
a snowboarder is performing a stunt in front of a crowd of spectators .
tourists taking a picture in front of a building .
a team of soccer players in white strips are running around cones on a sports field .
three ladies are standing in a room that looks like a work lounge .
an older man with a plaid shirt is looking through a microscope .
spectators watch as a snowboarder does a trick .
a black youth in a blue shirt engages in an animated discussion with other young people around a table .
a young boy moving towards a yellow ball .
"two women in hats are standing in front of onlookers , one is playing a violin and the other is playing an accordion ."
"a classroom full of men , with the teacher up front ."
"a man wearing a t-shirt that has  "" gnu ""  printed on it gives a technology presentation ."
a boy surfs on a wave .
"standing and sitting evenly with a line of trees , two female figures face the direction of a water body ."
a heavier man wearing a blue shirt and black pants walks down the sidewalk of a shopping center .
a bull charges out of the gates at a rodeo .
people in a boat floating above waves .
a white heron flies into the sky .
a little girl runs across the grass toward the trees .
a brown dog is walking in the snow between some pine trees .
the teacher is helping her student complete some work .
"female with glasses , holding a camera , shades her eyes with her hands while standing in the foreground of an ocean view ."
a teenager climbs a rock wall .
two men wearing wrestling gear with their heads pressed together .
three children are playing in the shallow ocean .
"before a couple orders their food in a restaurant , they decide to clown around for the other couple sitting with them ."
biker jumping off a ramp in the forest .
a man plays a string instrument as part of an orchestra .
a woman in a conical hat works at a narrow loom .
a man in a brown jacket walking alone up a flight of stairs .
a colorful truck unloads into a lake across from a tent camp .
stop action frame of a racer in a bicycle race .
three boys with blue shirts smiling for camera photo .
older black-haired woman leaning on the edge of a brick wall with hanging laundry behind her .
a soccer player jumping in air during a game .
a family of nine sits crowded on a white couch and smiling .
a black poodle with a rope toy in its mouth .
a large group of people attending an event with vendors and food .
a black dog leaps through the snow near a fence .
a young man practices on his electric yamaha keyboard .
three children playing with metal furniture .
an african american woman is riding a bicycle down the street .
vendors sell fruits and vegetables in an open-air market .
a man walks past a storefront that has a name in french .
two young adults smile at the camera .
six boys and two men are beside a large tree .
a group of young males stand together with their mouths open .
a bald man with glasses wearing a gray long-sleeve sweater and jeans has his left hand up towards his mouth .
there is a man shooting basketballs next to a toddler .
two kids getting hit by a wave in the ocean
two smiling girls that are holding hands .
a boy is doing a trick on his skateboard in a park .
group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains .
two older females taking pictures with their camera while another older female watches .
two skiers are jumping over a mound of snow underneath bright sunshine .
a woman in a pink shirt wears rides a horse in a rodeo .
people in a parade wearing multicolored clothes and dancing .
three people are being silly in the woods .
two hockey players fight with one hitting the other in the face .
a guy on a skateboard is doing a stunt at dusk .
a man in a white shirt is singing with a band .
the snowboarder does a trick off the side of a large green building .
little kid in red snowsuit with hello kitty mittens
this man in the yellow shirt is adjusting blue bicycle for a young boy .
a man with a purple hat is climbing a rock .
a woman attempting to put on a pair of tights in an unkempt room .
a man climbs a rock .
a person in a blue jacket climbs a large rock in a dark forest .
a poodle running along a beach carrying a stick in its mouth .
a young skier receives a lesson in the snow from an adult .
people observe animals in a covered exhibit at the zoo .
people walking through a produce market with beautiful overhead lights .
two men wearing shorts are going up outside steps .
two women with young children are talking on the street .
three dogs running towards a fence in the snow .
a man and woman and two small children are sitting in the floor with wrapped christmas presents .
a beautiful white bird takes off in flight .
a man in a hat sits on a sofa with an infant .
a man with black hair is cutting fish .
"an orchestra , in formal dress , with a man playing the cello in the center ."
a man hits a volleyball on the beach .
a little girl smiles in her snowsuit while playing in the snow .
two elderly females shopping in a department store currently looking at stockings .
the black dog is running through a swampy area with pieces of wood its mouth .
a man sits by a red building while smoking .
a woman is looking at something that is being illuminated by two light bulbs .
a crowd of people walking the street with santa .
the black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted .
construction workers are laying down pavement to repair a road .
"one girl about to blow on a streamer , while the other laughs ."
a man falling over in an ocean wave
"a basketball player in black jumps , while another in white attempts to block ."
a little boy is jumping up and down .
a little girl jumps in ballet in class as two others look on
two children are using pruning tools in the yard .
a black dog with a red collar is running on the snow .
a lone skateboarder jumping a huge skateboarding ramp .
a bunch of dogs on a beach .
a man wearing blue plays soccer .
some dancers in kilts compete in front of a judge wearing black .
a woman holds a sleeping baby .
a basketball player has jumped in the air to shoot the basketball .
the young woman in blue is running on a treadmill .
a woman in a top hat is trying to get into a maroon car at night .
a woman is applying her lipstick .
"a white and brown dog , wearing a bandanna , jumps through the air ."
the wet dog has retrieved the pink purse with aqua handles .
a man wearing a white tank top and white hat is engraving key chains .
five people sitting on the rocks near a wooden shed .
two people stand on a grassy hillside in front of a large wooden cross .
a black poodle is playing with the snow .
a black poodle is running in the snow .
two guitar players dressed in white
a woman in a baseball hat and jeans squeezes a mop into a yellow bucket .
a man and women eating while sharing headphones .
a group of students in uniforms listens attentively to the front of the class .
a man is standing next to a bmw .
a small group of asian women gather together beneath a red banner .
two women on a construction site .
a group of volunteers help build a house on behalf of habitat for humanity .
men working on building a house .
a group of people holding tools stand in front of an uncompleted house .
four workers pose between beams of a house .
the man on the roof is wearing sunglasses and is working hard .
a group of people outside with boards and construction tools .
several people building a small building in a crowded yard .
three girls hammer nails on a roof .
two girls primping a third girl in village setting .
men with camels gather on a beach .
a blond child runs down a sand dune while another looks on .
two hockey players fighting for the puck at hockey game .
"three indian men are sitting together with baskets of fresh fruit , vegetables , and herbs in baskets at their feet ."
a man in a green shirt is jumping in a laundry room .
four people are standing in front of a van and are doing construction .
a man is watching a girl draw as he eats .
a group of young people are playing around with water guns and standing in front of a white truck .
a man kneeling on a roof touching a piece of plywood wearing sunglasses .
man flying through the air on skis over a mountain .
the boys are playing with legos .
a born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him .
a skier on a snowy ski jump
a little girl is sitting on the sidewalk looking at colorful children 's  coloring books .
a mother is holding her child on a train .
a man wearing a black shirt and sweater is looking down .
a mountain biker riding through a forest .
someone riding a bicycle is up in the air over a dirt and hill trail .
asian woman in black boots and tights with short dress leans again fence .
a dog is in some water with a tree branch in its mouth .
two africans in red and blue shawls pose for a picture outside a barber shop .
two children play on the road on a snowy day .
a kid sits on a skiing device in the snow .
a dog holds a large stick in its mouth in the woods .
the girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings .
"people gather for a farmers market day , shopping for groceries and clothing on a sunny day ."
a bird soars with wings spread .
one boy stands pointing at another boy who is balled up on the floor .
two boys put their arms around each other and pose .
two women are outside and one woman is wearing an apron looking into a black machine .
a woman on stage points to a man holding up his hand
a blurred vision of a bike rider in front of a hill top .
a surfer is riding numerous waves .
one construction worker in an orange vest shoveling rocks while another one in a blue vest watches .
a man wearing a white shirt holding a rack of edibles .
a man with a white beard is wearing an apron and in the kitchen .
two men are playing in a band .
a man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster .
"dancers pose in front of a multicolored , drawn (art ) backdrop ."
a dog runs along a beach near the waves .
two little girls walk down a big desert .
a dark-haired woman in a black outfit and black high heels is posing for a picture with cacti in the background .
a small dog with a ball in its mouth running through a course .
two young boys are posing with a person dressed as a power ranger .
people are on the beach sunbathing near rocky cliffs .
the dogs are running through the water
a woman in roller derby gear looks across the room .
the man is parasailing and doing a trick .
a group of people on skis with two dogs .
"a girl , wearing blue goggles and a striped swimsuit , plays in a swimming pool ."
a child walking in the snow .
a baseball player in a blue uniform has just released the baseball on the sidelines .
children playing baseball in a public park .
two guys playing a guitar on stage with many lights .
a man is looking up at a board .
the white and black dog is running through a field .
two men wearing reflective clothing working in a tunnel .
men wearing bright yellow jackets push green bins as other people walk past .
a woman giving a presentation using a slideshow projection .
two men riding a dirt bike and one is falling off into a mud puddle .
a security guard standing beside a bright orange advertisement .
"a woman in a market gestures to a hat , while a child reaches for the hat ."
a girl in a black and blue wetsuit is surfing .
"the spanish man walked very quickly down the hill , with his child ."
three dogs are all tugging on the same toy as they stand behind a house .
a group of dancers perform during a parade on a city street .
three men and two women talking .
the guy lets his girl beat him in a local bike race .
three women standing together talk with each other .
a small group of people is chatting in a city plaza .
the dog is licking inside the peanut butter jar .
a skateboarder is performing a jump on a slope .
a woman holding a baby with two children around her
a group of people talking and another group looking at photographs taped to the wall .
a black dog is digging in the snow .
a toddler girl with pigtails plays with a camera tripod .
a man is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk .
two dogs wrestle in the snow in a fenced-in area .
lambs on a grassy hill .
a few women are dancing at a basketball game on the court .
a man in dayglo yellow collects trash along a street while others look on .
person on rollerskates dressed as a clown is holding a screaming boy who is wearing a blue dunce hat and blue wizards cape .
a girl is looking at a tripod .
an asian man attempts to put out a wildfire with a small wooden bucket .
young lady paints another young ladies face outdoors .
a man is fishing on an inlet in the ocean .
a dog jumping for a frisbee in the snow .
a woman is peddling grain in the market .
a small child stands in front of short white table .
a brown dog in the snow has something hot pink in its mouth .
a man stands on a long in a body of water .
a bald man in a tank top riding bike through a city .
a woman is outside a store taking a picture and making a face .
a person is being pulled by watercraft across the gleaming water .
two people and a dog are in the snow .
"three people , wearing parachutes , are free-falling together through the sky ."
a brown dog wades through water and walks toward a rock .
a man in a black shirt looks at a glacier .
a man in a black shirt is walking on rocks .
a lady sits on a porch swing in the yard while a girl sits on the ground by her .
a woman wearing a helmet rides her bike down a steep incline .
a rottweiler carries a very long stick in his mouth through the woods .
a man sits in a grassy area and observes the landscape below .
a child in a tye-dyed shirt is climbing a rock wall with another child .
a woman is holding her head amid produce .
a hispanic family sitting around a table enjoying a meal together .
two children are playing soccer
a very young smiling boy is in jeans and sneakers is standing and holding on to a piece of gym equipment outside .
three men putting items on their blue boat .
the green hilly countryside is where the people are gathered to sit down .
an elderly male is blowing air into an object .
the small dog teases the large dog in the field .
a blond man puts up a tent .
bicyclist dressed in black and white with white sunglasses on points at something .
girl in swimming pool flinging her hair back over her head .
a young women with long blond-hair is planting in a garden .
a man in a red shirt is butchering a small animal on a wooden board .
a young man in a swimsuit with water crashing behind him .
"a brown-haired , little girl itches her eye in a stroller ."
a broad shot of a busy street in a lull
a happy couple returning from their shopping spree .
the ice hockey goal keeper is dressed in a red strip .
a young man staring outside of a restaurant window .
"a group of people starting out , from the start gate , on a 5k event ."
a group of people dressed up colorfully .
a woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts .
people in a truck-full of sacks in a field full of sheep .
a man is helping a young boy learn to ride his tricycle .
a snowboarder is attempting a jump on a crafted ski run .
a woman in a black jacket and a man in a white shirt pass each other by on the sidewalk .
a hockey goalie crouches on the ice .
a boy wearing a blue shirt is going down a slide .
a woman hiking in the snow using ski poles .
the guy in the white uniform has a basketball in his hand .
a basketball player dribbles the ball during a game .
"a person doing a bicycle jump , a skyline in the background ."
two men are talking while another looks on .
the lady holds her paintbrush next to the artist 's  easel .
a woman wearing a white shirt walks on the sidewalk with a large sweeper .
two men jump up for the ball near the hoop in a basketball game .
a woman in a red coat is on the skiing .
a woman in a black hat is speaking to a woman in a blue dress .
a woman in a blue shirt and straw hat is painting outside .
people walking down the street and past an open bus .
group of men and women waiting for a bus .
several men dressed in back jumpsuits sing and play instruments .
a hockey player looks intently downward .
a person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp .
three men wearing yellow work vests stand among a group of people .
a woman in a red jacket and another person get their snowboards out on a snow filled parking lot .
the woman wrapped a flag around her body and burned incense .
a couple is walking down a busy city street when they pass a bird show .
one female and two male musicians holding musical equipment .
a man on machine talking to a guy dressed in a crazy outfit .
a woman holding a clothes basket standing in front of a building with an apartment for rent .
"the boy in blue has the ball , and the boy in white is airborne ."
a man slides a skateboard down a stair ramp .
two older women sit on a wooden bench outdoors .
two dogs chase down a mowed grass field .
a person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods .
a mother and her three children walking down a city street .
three females and one male are walking at the edge of a road .
the tan and black dog is running across the grass .
two children standing in the grass being sprayed by a hose .
a man wearing red plays his guitar on the grass .
a group of children wearing blue and yellow uniforms put their hands together .
a dirt bike rider is in the air pulling off a trick .
two asian girls dressed in black pose for a picture in front of dry trees .
a young adult dances on his hand .
a snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumps above a low gate .
young people practice walking on the high wire .
boy wearing a blue hoodie jumps over a stair railing .
two asian girls are sitting in a flower field .
a skateboarder is in the air after skating up a cement ramp .
a skier swishing down a mountain trail .
two young girls are riding beige camels as another lady wearing a purse watches .
two females ride camels backs .
a man in orange is bent over welding something on the ground .
two people in protective gear welding .
a group of boys are playing a game on a beach .
"a street corner with parked cars - white , red and back ."
a man with glasses is starring at the camera .
a girl is crouching on a skateboard next to a brightly colored wall .
a carefully balanced male stands on one foot near a clean ocean beach area .
two young girls talking to a man in a van .
the boys are playing a game of soccer on their neighborhood street .
a little asian girl is eating snacks while smiling softly .
a small group of people of observe the wilderness during the daytime .
three people at are doing high-risk work .
many people are spread out along a beach or lagoon enjoying themselves .
two young lovers about to go their separate ways .
a group of people are sitting underneath a tin roof .
friends laughing about something they have just witnessed .
many people are walking in the city near tall buildings .
a man rollerblades on a skate course .
a group of african women and children wearing brightly colored clothes .
a group of kids sitting against a large red dumpster .
a woman taking a photo of an object on a bed .
a boy on a black surfboard riding the wave on his stomach .
a climber with a yellow backpack walks along the ridge of a snowy mountainside .
two men are playing guitars together
a person on a snowboard jumps over a cliff in the snow .
an african woman stands with her two children under a boulder .
a man and child are talking a walk through a park .
a man is handing a box to another man in a group .
a group of men wait in line to recieve food at a window .
a hiker is walking up the mountain on a snow-covered road .
a young boy jumps into the air using a trampoline .
a girl and a woman ride a camel .
a cowgirl is lassoing a young white calf from the back of her brown horse .
two blond female wrestlers in the ring .
the woman in the red jacket looks at the child in a green jacket .
a man and a woman show their tatooed hearts on their wrists
two people are standing on three horses as part of a parade .
some people waiting to cross a busy street in portland oregon .
indian students working and in discussion in a classroom .
a child is holding three birds in his hands .
skier jumps high in front of trees in snowy winter landscape .
a yellow motorcycle drives down the road .
a person is observing photos that are in frames on a wall .
a man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt .
african children at a well with one retrieving water by pulling up a bucket .
a brown and white dog bares his teeth in the snow .
an african family gathered outside preparing something in a pot over a fire .
a group of people run down a city street .
a restaurant 's  booths a brightly lit and surrounded by mirrors .
a skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump .
a special of the day board at a restaurant .
two hockey teams compete .
many people are walking along a path next to a long building and trees .
a white dog with a black collar runs in the snow .
a man rows a small dingy laden with green plants on a river .
a few women and children are on a sidewalk .
a woman talks into the hear of a man holding a glass of beer .
a lone skier skiing through the snow .
a teenage boy in rides a hand-railing on a skateboard outside a columned brick building .
a stunt biker leaps into the air beside the setting sun .
a man on a bike in midair
a white dog has caught a stick on the beach beside the ocean .
three men and a small boy work on a green model train outside .
a woman in black converse walks down the sidewalk on a cold day .
an asian girl is standing in a crowd wearing red lipstick .
the solitude boat floats on the lake .
two dogs are on a trail in the woods while two people are looking at them from behind .
children are playing monopoly together .
three women in american colonial-style dress sit together and stitch .
a young asian girl stands between two tree trunks .
three riders wearing black jerseys jump their bmx bikes into the air .
an artist sculpting his statue .
a old woman is holding shopping bags on a busy city street .
a dog playing ball in the sand .
one man in stripes and one in leather pose for the camera in a city .
two old men wearing winter coat walking through woods .
a man in the dooorway of a bus looking onward .
two people walking by an old house .
a snowboarder is doing a big jump and is in the air .
a wall with writings from angry protesters in a big city .
there are 5 brown dogs on leashes with their owners nearby .
three white dogs are near a black llama .
a man in a tuxedo plays a brass instrument in accompaniment with a female piano player .
a blond girl reads the boy scout handbook .
a large brown and white dog is leaping through the hair .
a parade of civil war soldiers playing flutes and drums .
a group of guys playing basketball at a park .
two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo .
a woman is laying in a bed which has flowers on its blanket .
a cheerful man camps out in the snow with pink flamingos .
a man with sunglasses is sitting on a deck .
a group of dogs are playing together in snow .
a group of people standing in front of a vendor 's  booth .
a group of men cheer with styrofoam cups .
an oriental woman looks at a small display of cosmetics on a table .
"a young girl has a green plastic bib ,girl in purple is in the kitchen behind her ."
"a man wearing glasses and shirt that says  "" got rocks? ""  is flipping a pancake out of a frying pan ."
a group of people watching a snowboarder perform a trick .
the person in the black shirt performed a stunt in the street while the crowd watched .
a parachute skier lifting off from the ground .
a group of people are standing in front of some stores .
"two guys are in a gym , one watching the other hit a heavy bag ."
a man and a young boy are sitting on a step eating oranges .
three dancers wearing red sashes perform on a darkened stage .
a group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market .
"several people stand outside , singing in blue and green clothing ."
young boy wearing a white bathing suit is jumping up in the pool .
the young dancer marches in the parade .
a boy on a skateboard sliding on a rail .
two bmx bikers on a muddy course .
a man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head .
a large bird flaps its wings above the water .
a dog runs over the snow carrying a large stick in its mouth .
baseball player wearing gold helmet with blue jersey and gray pants .
an outfielder about to catch a fly ball .
two baseball players are exchanging a handshake .
a white and brown dog is running up a grassy hill .
a woman buys a large amount of cat litter from a walmart store .
a man in jeans and a green shirt works at a hockey rink .
a young child is shouting with people around him .
a bicycle rider takes a daring jump as his friends watch .
a brown dog runs on brown grass .
a baseball player in a blue uniform beats a runner to the base .
a baseball player is running to base .
a man is throwing a ball across the field .
the man in the red shirt is carrying a black bag through the city streets .
"an older asian man wears a black and green jacket and a new york city hat , holding a bicycle rental sign ."
two women in black practising throwing rifles in the air .
a black dog is jumping into the water and catches a stick in its mouth .
an old asian man wearing a red beanie and blue jacket is smiling .
a crowd of young people are dancing in the dark .
a high school band is walking in a parade .
this large black and white dog is running on the sand .
a bull rider just got flung from a horse .
view of a soccer ball being kicked into a goal net
two little girls are sitting on a lion statue .
"two boys paddle across the water with fishing nets , one wearing a long-sleeved yellow shirt and the other wearing a baggie hoodie ."
a man skis downhill on a mountain .
a woman with dark curly hair and a dark dress is singing and holding a guitar .
a lovely lady playing music .
a woman with black hair with purple streaks in it takes a bite while her companion in a red shirt looks on .
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
a man wearing a sports uniform runs down the field as another follows .
a middle-aged man taking a rest after his trapeze act in the circus .
a woman in a black shirt is putting a spoon into her mouth .
a little girl riding a toy horse during christmas .
two women wearing white bathrobes relax on a couch with their feet kicked up on a coffee table .
people dancing in front of instructor
two women in bathing suits play on the beach .
"two women sitting on a ski lift , with mountains in the background ."
a young boy clings to the leg of the marble statue of a bare-chested woman .
an asian woman in a black bikini looks at a mobile phone near the pool .
"a black and brown dog wrestle , and a little dog watches ."
a blond woman is guessing a brown-haired man on the cheek .
a orchestra practicing and playing music in a hall without an audience .
a man standing in a white shirt is conducting a small group of violin players .
someone is walking through the snow with snow covered mountains behind them .
people with equipment climbing up a snowy mountain
a boy with dark and a woman in a brown shirt are playing with a purple stuffed toy .
a little girl climbing a ropes apparatus .
two men walk along a busy city street with words printed on the sidewalk .
a male in a dark colored sweatshirt and standing behind a chair .
"a group of people stand sound outdoors , one wearing pink pants and a blue top ."
a notre dame baseball player running the bases .
two guys are on a baseball field and one is about to hit the base .a group
a group of people sitting from afar .
with tall glittering white crowns a man and a woman pose together with palm tress and glittery red and white stars in the background .
a man is on a horse in front of an audience .
a person wearing a dress walking along water in the mud .
a worker repairs brick on a chimney .
skateboarder on a ramp as seen through a chain link fence .
person sitting at a desk in a library .
"a baseball player tries to slide into third base while another player blocks him , as an umpire approaches ."
a baseball player in white is swinging at the ball .
a pitcher is getting ready to throw a ball during a baseball game .
one of the players is playing for the irish team .
trying to hold on is as much of a good idea as it is a bad one !
the man is filling his car with gasoline .
a man uses a cartridge razor to shave his cheek .
five old men playing pool
two women walk in front of a bus to cross the road .
a red tugboat is about to dock at a port .
a dog leaps in the air parallel to a tennis ball .
two kids running over a sand dune .
a woman is jumping on the top of a hill of sand .
girls participating in a basketball game in front of a crowd .
workers create an object out of metal and wood .
girl in plaid shirt riding a unicycle .
"three men are walking in a row , one behind the other , on a city street in front of a store named  "" the odeon ""  ."
group of friends sliding down a sandy hill .
a crosscountry skier grimaces as he climbs a slight incline .
a man wearing a hat sleeping in a large brown chair .
a little girl in bright green is walking on pavement while carrying a bag or box .
"two men are waiting to be interviewed , while another checks the mics ."
a woman is scooping ice cream while a man sits at the table next to her .
a woman with long brown hair sits alone in a bar .
"a little blond girl in green parka and red rain boots is placing one foot at the edge of a small lake , with wintry trees and an occupied outboard motorboat in the background ."
two bearded men and a woman .
a crowd full of people are holding flags and signs .
"four kids climb a snowy hill , one struggles ."
"two men in a an alleyway , one with his hands in his pockets looking one way the other looking behind him ."
twelve people are ready to take off in a hot air balloon .
"a man sits on a bench near the beach , tying his shoe ."
a man is playing a guitar on the sidewalk .
two men nordic ski racing while others watch from behind .
a group of twenty-something men sit around a table .
a person skates along the inside of a long tube .
a surfer is riding on a breaking wave .
a man is riding his bike through a wooded area in the morning .
"people on the sidewalk , while a person in the street holds an ax ."
a boy is airborne on a bicycle above an urban walkway near a handrail .
muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track .
a man with long sleeves is firing a flare pistol at night .
a redheaded woman with a crowd in the background .
three dogs are in the snow in front of a fence .
a person sitting on a lift over water with another person handing a bag to them .
boy sitting on a couch staring with a hammer in his hands .
snowboarders do tricks on mountain .
a person on a motorcycle doing a wheelie off of a rock .
the girl in the yellow dress looks so cute .
"a boy and his dog are standing on a trampoline , enjoying each others company ."
a young woman washing her car .
a man holds and looks at a product at a grocery store .
"a bird , wings outstreached , over the water ."
a little girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks .
a child gets ready to slide down the slide .
a woman in a store is holding an item in her left hand while looking away from the camera .
a person jumps a bicycle off a ramp in a barren forest .
two young women being to cross the street as a yellow school bus passes .
an elderly woman is wearing a pink striped shirt .
man sitting in a black chair smoking at a restaurant .
people relax in the grass at nighttime during a carnival .
a woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch .
a large gray and white water bird .
two dogs play with one another on the grass .
people riding horses on the beach .
people in orange robes line up behind a man wearing sunglasses .
a male skateboarder takes advantage of the half pipe .
the gray and white dog is running through the snow .
a group of girls is eating out on a deck .
a group of friends play in a lake .
the surfer passes a fellow surfer while paddling into the surf .
a woman on her laptop smiling down at a person in a blue shirt lying next to her .
a woman in a salmon colored shirt speaks and gestures to a man in a green shirt .
a man is parking his bicycle outside a building next to a statue of a man 's  head .
a woman in a brown shirt talking on a pink mobile .
a person in a raincoat stands in a boat going across the water .
skier in red jumping high in the air over the snow .
little brown dog sticking head in a coloful bag filled with cloth .
a girl is sliding into the base during a softball game .
a person cleans up a mess in front of a stage .
a group of people are in the water .
five men wearing tuxedos jump up in the air in front of a small river
the man and his two kids are about to walk past a person .
two dogs are barking in a kitchen while a person sits at a table .
this person is parachuting with skis onto a snowy hill .
two men and two women in jackets walk down a large city street .
two women talk to each other outside .
a man is in the air upside-down in the snow .
a man is looking at artwork .
a dog is at the top of a blue slide and a little boy is behind him .
a softball player tries desperately to reach her base while the opponent tags her out .
two women with long hair and large-boned physiques are posing for a camera in front of trees .
a couple men sitting outside of a bar
a person in a plaid shirt takes a picture of a white vespa bag on some grass .
a young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair .
people are standing in a building that 's  under construction near 3rd st .
a boy and his pet toad just hanging out .
a man wearing a ha is taking his horse out for a walk .
people eating outside on a very long table .
a man in a blue jumpsuit hangs from a metal pole by a harness .
a small group of people look at an artistic water fountain .
a person sitting in a green chair outside of a building surrounded by trash .
a white male with blond-hair is drinking beer .
a team of soccer players lifts one teammate so that he can reach the ball .
the man with spiky hair sits by a colorful poster .
an old man holds the leash of a white mule dragging a red cart .
a snowboarder grabs his board while midair .
a boy is standing on a snowy hill looking at a sunset or sunrise .
a small dog chases a white ball on the grass
"one person wearing a chinese hat , gardening , while a group of people facing the opposite direction stand behind him ."
the skateboarder is turning around while holding onto the ground .
a man in a red sweater holds a child on top of his shoulders .
a blond-haired little boy getting a haircut .
a child with a cowboy hat sits with a guitar on his lap .
a small baby dress in yellow smiles .
the girl is pointing at a geyser
two dogs run across the woods .
a person wearing a lively outfit dancing on some concrete .
a snowboarder jumps over a barrel .
a man dressed all in white wearing a white mask on his face pretending to be a statue in a plaza .
a man in a collar shirt is holding a babies hand .
a man and his child take a picture with pillows over their heads .
a soaking wet dog is splashing through the water .
a man jumping with a skateboard under a bridge .
people walking in front of the outdoor world store .
the woman in blue appears to blowing glass while a child looks on .
the boy in the multi-color striped shirt is looking at the red box .
"a young man wearing suit , tie , and sunglasses is walking down a sidewalk holding a piece of paper up in reading fashion ."
the large brown dog sat on the bed surronded by wrapping paper .
a man is using a machine on the ground in front of a stone peacock .
dog swimming and splashing through water .
a little boy is watching a little girl in white ride her bike by trees .
a dog licks his nose .
a black and brown dog playing with a stick
a man in jeans holding a bike frame with another man in the background .
man with orange duffel bag and girl in pigtails push a loaded cart down a sidewalk .
a dog jumps over a bar with a ball in its mouth .
"a crane , wings outstreached , above the ocean ."
the dog is resting after a game of fetch .
"a smiling toddler is sitting in a bathtub with her wet hair pulled into a long , wet spike coming off the top of her head ."
a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man
two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow .
two women help a bride with her wedding dress fitting .
"a couple of children that are outside , trying on civil war era outfits ."
a man is snowboarding down a snowy hill .
a man is sitting on a bike in the middle of the woods .
a man is biking on a hill .
male with a white shirt and a brown jacket sitting next to a pile of beans .
a muslim man wearing sunglasses prepares food .
a snowboarder wearing a red jacket is going down a mountain .
a girl is curling in a competition .
three teenage boys in t-shirts are walking down the street .
a man cleaning at the window glass
a young man lifts a large barbell in a gym .
two men working on a tug boat .
a female singer dressed in a tan dress pulls a microphone toward her as three musicians playing stringed instruments provide the music .
there is a person playing a guitar .
a mom holding her baby in her lap .
a woman in a white outfut playing tennis .
"in an empty fitness center , a woman crouches and prepares to lift a long weight ."
many people decide it 's  time to eat .
two women in black have blood on their face and knee .
a tan dog runs along the grass .
"two young asians , a girl and a boy , dressed up in suits , are sitting at a table and appear to be studying ."
a picture of jim who wears glasses in a lab coat .
two men shining their customers shoes outside .
two teams competing in a soccer game .
fishermen at the sandy beach side by side throwing the net to the ocean .
this man is in a restaurant that has slot machines .
a man in white and green is playing soccer on a field .
two girls in blue uniforms one girl in white playing soccer .
"two figures stand in a snowy setting wearing white and hot pink outfits , gazing towards a mountain ."
people watching air jets in a big event .
"an oriental woman wearing a black tunic , leggings and boots , stands outside a produce store ."
a biker flies through the air near sand dunes .
a couple gazes in awe at a display at a carnival
a dog catches a toy in the snow .
a little girl pulls on a blanket while a little boy lies on top of it .
two girls hapily playing in a park .
three young students sitting at tables in the library working on homework .
a young boy jumps off a rock in the forest
the black and white dog jumps by a log near a creek .
man and woman in the night dancing with spinning torches in hands .
a man in glasses is sitting behind a table laden with military memorabilia .
brown and white dog rolling around on the grass .
a woman in a brown vest is walking on the snow with an animal .
there is a dog running along the beach .
"a man in sunglasses , a red striped sweater , and a leather jacket smiles and points his finger ."
two men working on there apple laptops .
"wet brown dog , jumping out of the water ."
a uniformed man watches a train speed by .
two workers with yellow hard hats and blue working clothes are cleaning a parking lot .
a man in dark clothes leaning off of a building entrance with upraised arms .
a boy on a skateboard grinding down a handrail .
a basketball player drives to the hoop .
a male basketball player is holding onto the rim of a basketball goal .
two teams playing rugby in the ground .
a football player in red is getting hit by a player in white .
two women soccer players competing in a game .
the man on the left is looking at the woman and the man .
three young children riding on a donkey drawn cart .
a man wearing a black shirt and eyeglasses is raising his hands while seated at a poker table .
two basketball players on opposing teams longing for the ball .
an athletic basketball player is coming down from dunking the ball .
many people are witnessing a football player catching the ball
a football player in a green and gold uniform cradles the ball as he leaps over an opposing player .
young women playing a intense game of lacrosse .
a lacrosse player celebrates with a teammate .
a toddler swings back very high .
people in a school cafeteria with a boy in the foreground wearing yellow and brown stripes
two young women posing and holding each other in closeup .
a brown and white dog on a trampoline with a forest in the background .
a man with a black hat is standing and shading his eyes .
a person wearing a gray jacket and sunglasses poses for the camera .
two women with a baby stroller in a fancy restaurant .
a martial artist lands a blow to the thigh of his opponent while a referee throws up his hand .
a man in a sweater is playing darts .
a contingent of bagpipers walk down a street in a parade .
person with skis and a dog are standing in the snow .
a man on a yellow surfboard rides an easy wave .
two people working on a ladder to get something from a tree .
a boy on a skateboard is riding on a stone wall
a bicyclist rides on ramps .
a woman in a dark shirt and glasses looks at a digital camera .
two men that are in a match with one another .
"two guys , both wearing white suits one with a black belt the other one with a black and red belt , they are having a match ."
man in a yellow kayak is paddling through the rapids .
a dog playing in the snow with a white ball .
a woman in a pink shirt looks at the water .
the dancer gets her final makeup before going out on stage .
elderly man in wheelchair begging for handout
an person runs at the waters edge at the ocean .
a man is performing a handstand on the beach .
a group of friends play instruments in the middle of the woods .
a man is sleeping on a bench outside .
crowd of people in street lined with tall tan buildings .
an adult smiles with a child on a swing .
a black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow .
a man wearing a bowtie and glasses poses for a photo .
two young men stand holding a sign against a wall .
"dressing in black , a person sits on a bridge ."
two women with their arms around each other smile into the camera .
a man holding a drink poses with a woman .
a man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups .
a man and a woman are laid back relaxing on the couch .
an asian boy and girl walking amongst a crowd with trees over their path .
man playing a brown and white electric guitar .
a tennis player getting ready to backhand the ball in a tennis match .
a black dog jumps down a snowy hill .
a group of people with gloves on working on large colorful squares .
a family sitting in front of a cream house on the porch steps .
a band of five young adult males performing next to a window .
five people are outside in a park-like area and one of them is reaching for a hand swing .
a lone protester in a black jacket on the sidewalk .
people sitting on chairs overlooking a steep rocky incline .
a person is jumping over a house on skis .
this is a small stamp with blue skies and white lines with green bushes .
a brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
a little boy on a green sled at night .
"a big , brown dog is shaking off while in the water ."
a wet dog emerges from deep water .
a group of young boys in blue swimming suits attempt to jump into a pool to their swimming instructors .
a paraskier is landing on a mountain .
a woman sorts things on a bright blue cloth .
a young man rolling up the sleeves on his sweater .
a man is using a leaf blower to get leaves off the sidewalk
a woman with a red basketball jersey is holding a basketball and looking up .
two women sit at desks in a large room with white walls .
a boy holding a soda can in a waterfall
a surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water .
a solitary man is walking in a cemetery .
a white dog in a river is chasing a duck
a dog wearing an orange jacket is laying in the snow
a group of asian girls dressed in pink and purple posing in a straight line
a person in protective equipment riding a dirt bike .
a man on a sled is pulled through the snow by his dogs .
redheaded girl in the backyard sitting on a seesaw .
a group of people sit outside a restaurant at a ski lodge .
three men wearing green t-shirts do a street performance .
a large gray bird with yellow legs flies near the water .
a girl in pink smiling for the camera .
a girl in pink socks jumping with her hands in the air .
a woman in holds a coconut in front of an interested dog .
a young boy in a striped sweatshirt and jeans running in the grass .
a man sits on a bench with some bags .
"during an ice hockey game , a man tries to make a goal ."
"girls wearing costumes stand around , one smiles ."
two dogs run through dirt and weeds .
a dog walks through the snow .
a black and white dog is running across a snow covered field .
a dog jumps through water .
two young women talking at a table in a cafe .
a couple is kissing on a bridge .
a guy making a snowboarding move on a slope .
a small child chasing a pidgin .
a black and a brown dog are walking through the woods .
two women are sitting at a table with empty glasses in front of them .
a dog with a stick in his mouth runs in a forest .
a dancing troupe of african american youngsters doing a choreographed move .
a row of birds is sitting in front of a gray cloud .
someone is looking at the beautiful view of the city .
"a man in the middle of the section for women 's  lifestyle magazines reads a magazine that declares  "" i 'm pregnant! "" "
a black limo is parked next to a crowded staircase .
a lady wearing a butcher 's  apron is singing on a stage while her band plays behind her
a barefooted guy in an orange shirt and black pants jumping on a trampoline in a cage .
a bunch of dogs are competing in a race .
a carnival midway at night .
"a man in a green shirt is lying on the grass with a bandanna over his eyes , next to a black bird ."
a guy is driving a three wheeled motorcycle .
a child is performing with a toy while on stage with a colorful balloon backdrop .
a group of people walking across a street
a group of children are talking to an official .
a man with a red spain shirt and a woman with purple streaks in her hair .
a biker speeds down a dirt path in the woods .
a dog jumps out of a creek .
"several children in outfits are in a dark room , and two of them are holding onto ropes in the air ."
a girl wearing a purple shirt and tan shorts is posed in a dance move .
a white dog tries to catch a tennis ball high in the air .
a smiling man with a headphones and a gray mustache
a little blond girl is wrapped up in a care bears blanket with christmas paper behind her .
a pelican diving towards the water with feet out .
a teenage boy does tricks on his skateboard in an area with much graffiti .
a man kayaking down rapids .
an asian female tennis player preps for return of volley on a greet and purple court .
man in multicolor trunks riding a surfboard on a wave .
a child sits on a curb with inline skates and protective gear .
the people in the red parasail are gliding over the water .
a man is riding a board in the ocean and is being pulled from above .
a girl performing a rhythmic gymnastics routine .
subway workers use ladders to check out a possible problem as a red subway car flies by .
fisherman wearing a poncho and hat sitting at the edge of the water .
a dog stands up to his elbows in snow .
three people stand on a path through the woods .
a snowboarder flips upside down with a snow covered hill in the background .
two female gymnast working up before their turn is up .
a boy is reading a comic book in front of a red chair and a grill .
dirt bike rider getting ready to start down the slope .
"guys wearing yellow , red , and blue are running in the grass ."
a man in a brown vest and glasses plays with a brown dog .
a girl in a dress walks while a family stands in the background .
a young boy trying to play hacky sack .
two girls are jumping up high in front of the pine trees .
old man teaching little kid to drive .
a young woman in a black tank-top looking and running away from something behind her .
a young child sitting in a mess of paint .
two dogs are playing and rolling around with each other in the grass .
a man riding a bucking bull at a rodeo .
children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like openings .
a woman on a bike stops to talk to a gentlemen sitting on a chair on the sidewalk .
a dog runs with another dog in the background holding a ball in its mouth .
a parade of bagpipers walk through a city street .
an equestrian rider is on a horse jumping over a plane that is on the ground .
a man shows off his exibit to many people .
"this man , wearing a blue headband and white shirt , is playing tennis ."
two men in sunglasses sit at a table drinking beer .
a dog is running in the snow carrying a red frisbee .
multiple musicians playing at a formal social gathering along with two dancers performing .
a man and boy is looking for something on the ground .
children and adults in bright colored clothes are dancing .
a young dalmatian wears a hat next to a tree .
a lady in a plaid dress strokes her white dog 's  face .
a boy works on a project in shop class .
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .
a lacrosse player is looking at an object in the sky that is not the ball .
a group of young boys are playing lacrosse outside .
a woman and a young girl are sitting down and smiling .
a grown man wears an outfit made of a spider-man bedspread .
a girl in a hoodie takes a nap with her black dog .
skateboarder in green shirt doing tricks in air .
three children in a village stand under an awning
a man with a blue bag is exiting a city bus .
"four people , two in green uniforms and two in red uniforms , are playing a game of lacrosse ."
a man in a blue shirt is spinning a clay bowl .
a man in a light blue shirt with a yellow and black scarf is making a clay plate .
a man in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy forest .
a young man in black and white striped shirt rests on the grass while traffic passes nearby on the road .
two females with eyeglasses walking in the street arm in arm .
two small children stand next to a window display .
a bunch of people watching a child in the bathtub .
a man is sitting on a bench in front of an abandoned building .
a bride having a photo shoot outdoors around lots of people .
golfer in a white cap putting into a hole while surrounded by onlookers and other golfers .
a black dog running in grass .
a yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain .
a dark brown dog standing on construction equipment .
a tennis player gets ready to return the ball .
tennis player getting ready to play tennis .
a man wearing a white hat swings his arm back to throw .
a man is swinging his club in a game of golf .
a man in a red kayak pedalling through a wave
man giving lecture to interested people in front of a clue statue .
two men and a woman downing shots at a bar .
a couple stadning with their children getting baptized by a priest .
a man in a hat and jacket standing on the sidewalk with a pile of trash in front of him .
men sit outside under a tree in full bloom .
people in the kitchen at a party with food and drink .
two small girls playing in a multicolored ball pen .
a teenager in striped shorts is leaping into the air on the beach .
kayak rider raises arms as he 's  splashed with water .
a man in black is applauding a runner wearing a red jersey and the number 281 .
a large group of people watching a person climbing a pole .
a man in a blue shirt lifts up his tennis racket and smiles .
a teen boy doing a bicycle trick on a bike ramp
the boy is standing on the playground equipment in the blue triangle .
a man kissing a boy in the back of a van .
a child displays two toys while sitting in a vw bus .
two blue inflatable rafts are involved in a collision on white water .
a light brown dog jumps over a hurdle indoors .
an individual is skiing down a mountain slope .
a beaver on the shore of a stream .
serena williams hitting a ball in an orange outfit
two runners wearing racing bibs climbing over a tree lying across the trail .
guy and girl looking at each other playfully as they sit on chairs .
man in brown and red checkered button up shirt and blue jeans makes a male and female laugh .
a child running through a field of yellow flowers .
some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk .
woman playing tennis in a bright orange outfit .
four women stop along a walkway to look at an area beyond the fence .
an indian family riding on a motorbike on the street .
a brown dog wearing an orange collar leaping to catch a bright colored ball .
a child playing with some yarn .
"parade of cheerleaders wearing black , pink and white uniforms ."
a man in a suit leaps toward his bride .
two officers ride their horses down a street bordering a green and yellow park .
a woman is talking to a little girl playing a game .
"a person with red-hair and a black shirt is standing outside , talking and gesturing with hands ."
a person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .
two dogs grasp a red object at once .
a tennis player moving for a shot .
a man with the tennis racket is wearing a blue headband and blue wristbands and playing tennis .
a boy hits a tennis ball on a court .
a tennis player is running on the court with his racquet in his hand .
a boy in a mets jersey poses on his bike .
many people are sitting in a park watching a chess game .
a horse race on a grass track
the students sitting on the grass are eating a lunch from a red backpack .
a boy is brake dancing as a crowd watches .
the tennis player gets ready to hit the ball that is almost at him .
a man in a blue headband playing tennis .
a person holding a tennis racket hits a yellow tennis ball .
people shop around an outdoor system of stores .
a small boy wearing a red helmet rides his bicycle down a patterned path .
the photo is taken of two people walking between cars in a street .
a couple of men playing street ball .
five people overlook the beautiful town .
several men in biohazard suits carrying a human looking doll on a rolling bed
a father launches his daughter in an oceanside pool .
several young boys playing soccer in front of a huge brown wooden door
a group of people riding on the bed of a truck along a gravel road .
a woman hugs a man at an evening event .
children play in front of a large door .
a grown man and a topless girl are dancing .
a girl in pink polka dots looks at a horse .
a girl wearing an hat and holding an ipod sits on the side of a building .
two adults talk while a cloud of smoke fills the background .
two people looking at a light exhibit of some sort .
"the old man is wearing glasses , a scarf , and a hat ."
a boy performing a wall trick with his bicycle on a wall covered with graffiti .
a boy holds a fishing net .
a male tennis player standing on a tennis court swings his tennis racket at the tennis ball .
"two young bespectacled young women , one of which is blow drying her hair ."
a man climbs up a rock while others wait for their turns .
the boat-man is working on an uncompleted boat .
a man is using a tool on these long pieces of wood .
the tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line .
a climber with a blue hat is scaling an icy rock cliff .
the person is jumping through the air on skis .
"two musicians , a woman in black playing the piano , and a man in a black suit playing the flute ."
people standing and walking in a flea market .
an asian woman is at a market stall that is selling bananas .
a man is doing a stunt outside on his bike
a child in a red and gray coat in front of a wooden shed .
a brown and black dog runs over the green grass .
a small boy is jumping off of a brick wall onto a table below .
man puts his feet up on a desk .
a man in a blue shirt is building a boat out of wood in a cramped work space .
a man climbing the icicles on a rock face .
a man in a green sweater is attempting to cut something in a kitchen .
a man sitting on a porch selling red goods .
one woman sitting on a sidewalk with others to the side and behind her .
a man with a helmet is going snowmobiling .
two dogs run two a pond on a winter day .
a brown dog standing in water .
two cowboys rope a steer from horseback in an indoor corral .
a cowboy on a horse ropes a steer .
two little girls on a trampoline and a playhouse is behind them .
three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore .
"young people , both girls and boys jumping high into the air on the street they are going down ."
two people are walking onto a stepping stone path .
person with a blue and black suit is surfing .
a man and two women on one motorcycle .
a repairman hangs above a wide screen tv suspended just below the ceiling in a cathedral or museum .
a man standing in front of a counter looking a prepared food .
a race car on a track has flames shooting from the rear .
several mischievous kids play with toy guns in a public area .
a black great dane running toward the camera in a backyard
a man and a woman sitting on the shore looking at the scenery
group of people pick up something that is on fire .
a dog lies on his back on a road .
a skateboarder is riding a skateboard along a metal railing in front of a concrete building .
a small group of people sitting together outside .
a group of people with a fire engine in the background .
a woman applies makeup to a man 's  face on the set .
two ladies are sitting in the restaurant talking and laughing .
a jewish family having a meeting .
a girl with a white shirt and black belt is dancing wildly with two female friends .
a group of men walk along a road divided with yellow ropes .
four korean men are sitting on a bench and one of them is taking on his cellphone .
dog running in a field .
a construction worker installing a window in a building with a turquoise door .
a man is standing and discussing with his colleagues
one man sitting alone reading a paper in a factory room .
three men wearing red prevention vests stand ready .
a man in a hat holding a tool stands next to a horse hitched to a sled filled with hay in a hilly area .
a man jumping of the wall of a large graffitied wall .
a group of six people sit around a silver conference table with notebooks and pens .
this person is sitting on a teal bench reading a newspaper .
a shaggy dog runs down a dirt trail in a lush forest .
a man holding a guitar and speaking into a microphone .
artists in white reach towards the audience .
a man dressed in white plays a guitar .
a large cruise ship passes by a beach where sunbathers recline under yellow umbrellas .
"the gray dog sits quietly , dressed in a blue track jacket ."
a dog trying to bite a man who is training him
a woman playing softball has caught a ball and is falling down .
a black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet .
a dog catches a colored ball while standing in the grass .
three dogs racing on a grass track wearing different colored jerseys .
a man asleep in a chair in front of a full bookshelf
a girl is playing a red flute while another girl holds a pink guitar .
two bmx riders racing on a track
two women with dark hair are standing together outside of a bus .
a child in a red jacket holding up two fingers .
a white dog is pouncing on a brown dog in a fenced in backyard .
two bearded men stand behind a case filled with cigars .
a large truck parked near a garage that says perfumes on the front .
two hockey players trying to get the puck .
"two horses are attached to a carriage with a dog and man inside , and a woman standing next to it ."
two women riding in a motorcycle they are both wearing helmets
two people in red and white uniforms on matching striped motorcycles stop in a plaza beside a tall wall of concrete steps .
three men climbing on each other wearing yellow and brown shirts .
a man in a black t-shirt is jumping something on his orange bike .
several people waiting for their turn to order food .
"a family is enjoying a meal together , while their 4 dogs are all enjoying a nap on the floor circling around the table ."
two african women preparing a meal .
a brown dog wearing a pink shirt is followed by a brown dog wearing a yellow shirt .
a white furry dog is running through leaves .
four men do a dance on stage together .
a child holding a gold rabbit stares at a p-shaped cookie .
a basketball player is jumping and about to dunk a ball in front of a crowd .
a child in purple pants is running .
a brown dog jumping in the air
a black dog running towards the camera .
a young woman in a gray shirt sweeps her doorway with a broom .
middle eastern cooks in white uniforms prepare food .
an old person is sitting in a plush chair with a huge white dog laying on top of him or her .
a small dog runs with a brown ball in its mouth .
the child is carrying a basket of colored eggs and bending over with an egg in his hand .
during a baseball game a dodgers player is declared safe .
food is being served to a table where a woman in a blue blazer sits .
two black dogs play in snow .
a person riding a skateboard jumps high above the concrete steps .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
woman in blue outfit and boots stands behind muddy toyota truck with backpack near bushes .
bicyclists stay in a line as each wear different color suits .
a brown dog leaps over a red ramp at an agility park .
two men with heads down signing a paper .
a race car driver stands up with his hand pointing in the air .
guitarist strums while on stage under a spotlight
an asian woman is looking at a black jacket .
an elderly man is buying food at an asian market .
there is a older child riding a red rubber ball tied onto a blue rope and is swing from it .
a hiker with a backpack wades in a river .
a young couple sits on a couch and smiles for the camera .
little boy enjoying a day at the park
"two dogs , one lying down , play in a yard ."
a man playing the violin while he reads his musical notes .
a woman sits on a blue bench in front of a cobblestone wall between two trees .
a child slides down a green slide .
a guy with glasses and a beard in a suit is surrounded by photographers .
two boys watch a seal in an aquarium .
an asian woman in a red patched shirt carrying two watermelons down a sidewalk .
two people are fencing .
"a person skis in the snow , snow flies behind ."
a man on a rocky peak .
four musicians sit in a semi-circle on a stage and play their stringed instruments .
five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture .
a black-blue insect flying over a white flower .
an older gentleman and an elderly lady are talking to two younger ladies in uniform on an urban street .
old man in a hat cuts wood with a saw while outside .
a dog leaps over a fence .
a person sits with their back against a white wall with a tan dog .
a man in white playing an instrument outside .
"a man works a small ice cream stand that says  "" sorvette e gelados ""  on the side ."
a food vendor happily serves his hungry customers .
a man leans sideways on a soap box racer in the middle of a jump .
young asian girl is sitting on the ground in rubble .
an elderly woman is reading a paper in an office .
"man making kissing face for the camera , while another man looks on ."
a girl in a pink snowsuit splashes into dirty flood water next to a picnic table .
seven soccer players in a green field wearing red jerseys .
a woman cuts the dreadlocks off of a young man with black hair .
a man sleeping on the grass under a green blanket .
two people are riding a ski lift with mountains behind them .
people are walking in the street near a giant bull statue .
a group of people stand on a stage and hold colorful buckets .
a older woman cleaning the window of a door .
two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach .
a woman in a white apron balances a basket on her head .
the dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth .
skateboarder in jeans and t-shirt performing jump .
two men are inside cooking over a fire .
group of young adults with buckets and soaking wet on street .
a little girl in a red dress and cape holds a large tennis racquet .
a man looking through a pair of binoculars .
a person in gray snowboarding down a hill .
a man is painting beside a building .
a boy in orange shirt and blue jeans is jumping on the slide while others watches him
three people sit on a bench under palm trees .
a child smiles happily as he holds onto a metal bar .
boys at a party drawing on their friend 's  back with a black marker .
people eating at a long table full of food and drink .
six african children sitting at two tables .
the girl has pink pants and a polka dot jacket on .
people walking along the beach on a sunny day .
a boy in a blue shirt hammers at the ground .
an elderly man is standing on the edge of a train platform .
a girl in a pink skirt runs holding a her sister .
two men sit on a chairlift .
a group of people have a candlelight vigil in honor of saving trees .
a pregnant protester holding up a pro-america sign .
a man in jeans &amp; a cowboy hat holds up a sign .
a man mowing a lawn at a commercial property .
muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track at night .
a man wearing a backpack and helmet riding a bicycle .
a dark dog is competing in a dog show competition .
bike racer number 661 wrecks on dirt racetrack .
a boy helps to push a young girl on the swing .
a young girl with a green t-shirt and blond-hair .
a black dog is running through a snow covered area while holding something green in his mouth .
man snowboarding down a mountain .
a man does a bike trick on a dirt path .
two small children happily playing on a tire swing .
"two people , dressed in long robes , are shown in a small rowboat in the water ."
the man is skateboarding over a log in the snow .
a man wearing no shirt skateboarding on the street
young adults sitting on the stairs talking .
a man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform .
a man is cutting something above a sink .
multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called grandmas prediction .
a guy underwater in blue swimming shorts playing dead .
a construction worker is taking a break while leaning on a yellow bar .
a young man in a brown jacket pushes a rolling food cart .
a small child in red throws a disc .
two skinny white dogs with two standing men in baseball caps
"a large , white bird skates across the top of some water ."
a person in a red jacket riding a mountain bike .
a black dog wearing a collar running across the beach .
a young child in a green shirt is on a carousel .
people are walking by a bright carousel; some people are sitting .
a young girl holding a stuffed pig smiles .
two girls play on a set of parallel bars .
a woman in black and white is on a bicycle .
a choir in red uniforms singing in front of a business .
a man and a dog play with a yellow ball .
a man with a gray hat painting a scene of people in the park .
dog running away from woman on the seashore .
brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field .
a dog jumps over a red and white gate .
a woman is waving to the crowd as she rides a roller coaster .
a young boy is sitting on the floor putting on his sneaker .
a person riding a four wheel atv over a jump .
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .
a child sleeping on the concrete on some sort of blanket covered with coats .
a skateboarder in midair while doing a jump .
brown and white dog is trotting across dirt with trees in the background .
a motocross racer in green and a helmet racing in the dirt .
a woman holding a microphone speaks to a man wearing a white shirt .
a bearded collie jumps over bars at an agility test course .
a man in a black hat holds a small girl on his shoulders .
a young boy is sitting in a green tunnel
"the young girl is swinging on a swing , and her hair is flying out behind her ."
a guy skiing down the snowy slope .
a young girl is flying a kite in a field beside a lot of buildings .
man bowling in a dimly lit bowling alley .
a young girl in her school uniform dances in a water sculpture in the middle of a crowded public square .
a young boy falling into a body of water .
"a young man sits on a cliff , watching the ocean ."
a barefooted kid does a trick on his skateboard .
asian baby wearing a sweater and sitting in a highchair playing with a spongebob toy .
a line of spectators at a race .
a couple of people are riding atv 's  on a dirt track .
two men work together on a construction project .
a man carries a baby on his shoulder in the rain in a big asian city .
a town of village shoppers and onlookers enjoy the beautiful day .
a woman in a burgundy coat exits trader joe 's  with a cart full of groceries .
the motocross rider wearing blue and black pants .
a boy is kneeling under a statue of bear that has a painting of a man on its back .
three older people stand in front of an avrovulcan.com sign .
a woman swimmer in a pool gets splashed by her teammate swimming past .
a man is rock climbing without gear .
three children are playing on a swing in the garden .
a girl floating in the ocean on a beautiful day .
a climber is climbing under an overhang high above the ground .
a bicyclist is jumping on ramp covered with graffiti .
a woman is jogging while listening to her ipod .
a boy in blue clothing is riding a bicycle .
a boy has done a back flip into a swimming pool while another boy watches .
a long-distance shot of a beach with people and animals .
two girls who are playing dress-up hamming it up for the camera .
a young man in a park preparing to catch a frisbee .
a black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek .
a woman watches a girl play in an urban fountain .
"there is a young man in the middle of a complicated dance , and his friends are cheering him on ."
a group of people posing in a concert area .
a man with glasses and a gray shirt is on a crowded street .
a cyclist in a yellow helmet is biking through the woods in fall .
three dogs run along a grassy yard .
three friends hanging out mid jump on a beach .
a girl with a white backpack is standing and smaller children are sitting in a row on the ground .
a young boy is yawing as a woman talks to him .
a crowd is gathering in a town square .
several multicolored dogs running through the grass .
a man on a harness in the middle of climbing through a cave .
a woman holds a child dressed in blue .
a boy is looking through the flap of a red and white tent .
man with poultry on a table .
men in camouflage pants racing across a parking lot .
a red-haired girl is jumping by a swan .
a man in a black vest and white button-up sits with a woman in a striped sweatshirt .
a dog is running during a competition .
a young blond-haired girl gets her haircut by someone in a yellow blouse holding a white comb .
a man jumps over a brown chair while skateboarding .
"racing car marked team penske on track , banners and spectators in background ."
the people have paint on them .
a woman in an orange shirt is looking up at a man standing on a balcony .
a man and women sitting at a restaurant or bar .
a crouching white man in a yellow shirt looks down from on top of a wooden structure .
a teacher helping a student at a computer station .
a man in shorts walks a big brown dog and a woman pushing a baby carriage walks right behind him .
two children in a raft on a water slide .
a child in purple clothing is playing with a toy inside a yard with other toys and a fence .
a woman walks a baby stroller on a quaint trail .
there are 2 men dressed in stripes sitting under a green umbrella .
a woman is being photographed as she stands next to an artistic monument .
a brown dog running on the beach near the ocean .
this person is cleaning the building using a green bucket .
a man is having his teeth inspected by a dentist .
a woman is sitting on a rock at the edge of some water .
"a muzzled dog in a race , with four dogs following ."
three men sit on floor in green room .
a crowd is watching a group of fire dancers perform .
man jumping out of a helicopter into the ocean .
a group of boys sits near the sidewalk and two are smiling while one makes a face .
a brown dog is gallopsing through the grass .
children looking through magazines they have folded into tubes
the rugby players play on a field .
a new bride dressed in white throws a bouquet to waiting females behind her .
a race car with a cloud of dust behind it
two adults stand up on a bus and watch out the front window .
a man in a brown jacket stands on a bus .
a group of performers sing and work to entertain the audience .
two men with tan hats working in a garden .
"a man wearing blue jean , white shirt drawing up a line out of the water ."
a blond woman at the beach jumping around as she is enjoying her youth and freedom .
a crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air .
a bow does a trick on his skateboard at a skate park .
"this is a little girl , standing in front of a sliding board , blowing bubbles ."
a boy wearing headphones poses in kitchen display
"a man in a red shirt , with two women and another man standing in some sort of marketplace ."
a man stabs a bull in a bullfight .
a male doing a trick in the air on his bike .
"little girl with knit cap , smelling flowers ."
a man in a shirt sitting on playground equipment .
people stop to take in the scenery of the bridge .
a man is standing on the passenger side of a black car .
two dogs race across a field on a sunny day .
"the girl dressed in pink and white , and wearing a knit cap , is reaching toward a flowering tree ."
people sit around a table laid out with food .
a pitcher on a mound throws a baseball .
a little girl is playing near a hay bale .
a little girl in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush .
a black and white dog running from under a yellow cover with a person behind them .
a group of people in blue clothing relax on yellow machinery .
a man is standing next to a yellow vehicle .
this family needs a rest after their long walk so they stop at the park to feed the pigeons .
a woman and several men wear face masks on a subway .
two males are wrestling on a blue mat .
a girl in green is jumping on concrete .
"three baseball players in motion; one sliding into a base , another running in the background ."
here are young boys skating boarding in a service drive .
a toddler in a white and yellow outfit is reaching for a yellow paper japanese lantern on a wooden fence .
a dog running on a beach .
a small girl wearing a yellow dress rocking in a tiny white chair .
a church assembly is listening to a choir perform .
a person in yellow is riding a dirt bike on a dirt path .
a brown dog carries a long stick on the green grass .
the girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center .
a woman sitting on a bench reading a book .
"seven girls pose a group picture , with three girls wearing ties , and five girls wearing dresses"
workers at basking robbins are very busy .
a bunch of guys in black play paintball .
the field hockey player takes a digger in a match .
a woman carrying an orange bag is walking down the street with her white dog .
a man and a woman are jogging down the sidewalk .
an asian woman holds up her hands and the girl next to her watches .
two men sit behind a shiny black counter wearing matching black suits and purple shirts .
a group of people are standing around dj equipment including a record player and a sound machine .
a woman in a light colored dress is singing to an audience .
a tennis player in a white shirt is hitting the ball .
the man in shorts is serving the tennis ball .
a woman wearing a white t-shirt and black shorts is about to hit a volleyball .
a woman carries a volleyball .
a man in sunglasses and a baseball cap jumps for a yellow-striped volleyball .
a man on a mountain bike outdoors .
"a man wearing a shirt and tie , looks perplexed as he navigates through a crowd ."
a black and brown dog eyeing a fly .
a man and woman are talking at an outdoor flea market where art is on display .
a girl wearing a headband is carrying a pink sign on the street .
a man with an unusual hairstyle in a t-shirt carries two plates of food .
an man with a green shirt and white shorts is playing volleyball .
many people are gathered and the group in the foreground is conversing with drinks and their coolers nearby .
a snowboarder does a trick on a half pipe .
a man rides his bicycle through some grass in a wooded area .
a man mountain biking with a blue helmet
a man in a yellow outfit racing his bike in the wilderness .
a group of people stand and wait to see something .
a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd .
a woman in a gray shirt is stretching in an outdoor park area .
workers in vests and hard hats work on the street in a busy city .
three men stand in a glass area .
a child dressed in a blue shirt and cap is carrying a soccer ball .
a little girl in a hat climbing a kiddie wall .
a man with glasses hs food in his hands .
a man painting a city scene .
a girl stands on the grass holding a rolling box wearing a white lawn hat and sunglasses .
"a man in a brown shirt , had and shoulder bag standing with two coolers ."
a man and woman are in the kitchen and a package of challenge butter is in the foreground .
people in homemade clothing sit at desks .
three small children and a woman are paddling down a river surrounded by thick vegetation .
a band is performing on stage .
soccer players all gathered on a field for a game .
the big black dog is behind the little black dog .
a boy wearing a red shirt on a skateboard jumps up some stairs
a bicyclist is performing a trick on a tall tree .
a group of kids are playing on a tire swing .
a group of people rest on a rail in a shopping center .
"a vendor , wearing a large-brimmed tan hat , is sitting on a stool next to his wares ."
"several people sitting , relaxing in the snow ."
a skateboarder catches big air at the skate park .
the little girl wearing pink is having fun bungee jumping .
the black and brown dog is rolling in the grass .
a chinese restaurant employee giving a food workshop .
a young woman reading an issue of people magazine .
a female jumps with arms and legs spread near a dwelling .
two men are fly-fishing in a low murky pond .
two young boys wrestling while an adult male looks on .
two girls are dancing and one has paper in her hand .
woman in black working at a fish market .
"this wedding photo shows the wedding party , in purple and white , gathered outside ."
two dogs race on a track .
the boy is wearing blue sunglasses and jumping by a yellow rail .
a man chases an opposing player in a rugby match .
a dancer on a stage is performing a move that involves her fellow dancers standing behind her and sticking out their arms so that it looks like she has multiple arms .
a woman is playing a music game in an arcade .
a woman with sunglasses on her head and standing in front of an art display .
"an older man is sitting at his desk , which is in front of a shop , reading cards ."
two kids are playing in a field of red flowers .
three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling .
a man pulling two kids on a sled on a snow covered road .
a rodeo rider is riding a bucking horse in an arena .
a girl in a pink outfit looks through luggage in a tent city .
a man navigating a watercraft under partly cloudy skies .
an older woman walks by a wall with the help of a cane .
a group of refugees and sitting next to their tents .
two soldiers are going into a tent with men and women watching them .
a black pitbull dog is running through the dirt .
a man walks on a meandering street with a rainbow in the sky .
two motorcyclist racing around a track
a clown with colorful pants sitting on a bench of a old building .
a surfer catches a good sized wave .
"a man is near water in a city and is dressed in a wetsuit , snorkel mask , and helmet ."
a man looking to the left walking down the street .
a boy is riding a scooter down the concrete path .
a group of children are holding a rope .
"two men are jumping off of a picnic table , with a rock wall and forest in the background ."
a young girl blowing on a dandelion puff .
a small girl in blue shirt walking alone in a yellow parking lot .
people hold cardboard frames in front of their faces .
four girls are dancing in matching outfits at a street festival .
two dogs run across the barren ground .
a person in a white helmet is standing next to a ladder .
"some people are dressed in classical european attire , while holding books and a drum ."
an asian man with a black hat is holding a small asian girl in her arms .
a dog lays on his back with a favorite tennis ball in his mouth .
players in red uniforms on the bench during a hockey game .
a woman jumping over a hurdle during a race .
a naked child is crawling on the beach in front of a horse and a man .
two small children wearing long sleeves are standing in the grass .
a small dog with a toy in its mouth is jumping over a pole .
two men during a football game
a young girl is playing in a fountain of water .
a girl playing softball takes a strike .
"the first baseman diving to catch a throw , while the runner touches first base in a softball game"
three people play baseball on a field at a park .
"a woman and two young men , standing close to one another ."
a girl steps off the mound after throwing the first pitch out at a baseball game .
a woman eating with chopsticks sits in front of butchered raw meat .
a man looking out the back of his car looking at a yellow van behind
a leashed dog is in the backyard of someone 's  home .
two black dogs playing in the grass .
a rugby player in black is pushing his way through a player in red whilst carrying the ball .
three men wearing plaid shirts are cutting wood .
a restaurant worker wearing an orange shirt putting ketchup and mustard on sandwich bread .
a snowboarder doing a one-handed armstand .
three children are sitting at the top of a flight of steps .
a blue subaru rally car turning a corner with spectators .
a tan dog and a black dog fighting inside a fenced yard .
a man and a boy are playing in the sand .
a man in a leather coat looking into the restaurant watching 2 girls .
a brown dog on the grass next to a pond .
two adult couples are placing their bets on a casino table .
a woman in green skates through a street fair .
a toddler child peaks his head up from behind a large brown package .
people are watching a race car speed thorugh the dirt .
a dark brown dog jumps behind a young girl in shorts .
older woman with cleavage puts on mascara seductively in the mirror .
a lone bicyclist jumping on his bike in front of a graffitied wall .
a dolphin pokes above the water .
a young lady is making a purchase from a man with a push cart .
man in striped shirt with gloves on welding machinery .
"four people in a vegetation field , background appears to be in india ."
a man drinks orange juice and walks outside .
"young blond-haired , blue-eyed boy plays on a rope course at a playground ."
a little kid holding a yellow and red soccer toy .
a group of workers are in a field planting wheat for the year .
"a band consisting of a female bassist , a male face-painted guitarist , and an average-looking vocalist rock out on stage ."
"a man , holding a baby and smiling , sitting in the pews of a church ."
a pitcher wearing the number eight is going through the pitching motion .
an umpire watches closely as a left-handed pitcher throws a pitch from the mound .
a young women with a pink mask over her face .
a child in yellow and black kicks a blue and black ball .
some african kids playing with a ball .
two race cars speed along a track with smoke coming from the backs of them .
"two dogs on the beach , running into the water"
four men are playing on a stone paved area .
an older man is kicking an object .
a brown and white dog in front of a shed overwhelmed by the onslaught of tennis balls .
a man is on a small pull along trailer working with landscaping material .
a figure of an oriental man sits on a wall in front of some white apartment buildings .
"girl with black paint under her eyes walking , girl in foreground of photo ."
she is painting a yellow flower on white paper practicing to become an artist
finally he got one bar on his wifi connection .
two men sit in rounded green chairs on bright blue carpet .
a woman pruning an ornamental bush in her front yard .
a man holds a trophy on the stage .
a man is eating outside with a group of people .
"three women and two men in swimsuits , sunbathing on lawn chairs covered by towels ."
a man is using a grinder on a locker 's  lock
two smaller dogs chase a larger dog around a pond .
boy in yellow shirt getting picture taken surrounded by pigeons
time lapse photo of two children playing in a pool of water .
a young girl holding a doll is smiling .
a man and a woman stand knee deep in the rough waves next to a red-orange boat .
a man is riding a red racing motorcycle .
"a male surfer in the air , leaving the water ."
a boy sitting on the floor looking up at a woman in a green chair .
three people and a dog stand in front of a river on a cold day .
two woman are playing tennis .
two healthcare professionals attend to a patient and consider his or her chart .
the young man kicks a soccer ball on dusty ground .
three men in a bright orange boat race across the water as foam sprays in the air .
two dogs playing ball together outside .
two people are moving the hose as others work in the garden .
a group of people are walking close to some trees .
a man in a wetsuit on a surfboard .
a group of people lay in the shade .
a group of girls including one in a blue shirt with her back towards the camera are laughing .
a man standing on one foot with a little girl in front of a cathedral .
a young man is lining up on the scrimmage line in football practice .
a football coach and football players practicing .
a man sits on the grass trying to get a hole of a fish .
a woman in purple leggings runs across a street .
a man standing looking sad with cleaner and a tool next to him .
a brown labradoodle retrieves a tennis ball in a lake
an asian man navigates a boat carrying 2 passengers down what appears to be a river deep in the forest .
a couple is riding a bicycle built for two .
the little boy is having a grand time at the water park .
two men and a child working outside on different equipment .
man in white shirt and tan shorts doing a trick on a skateboard .
a young boy reads a paperback book outside .
a child is jumping on an inflatable bouncer .
the surfer is riding a wave with a mountain in the background .
a complex building is in the background with people standing around and some riding bikes .
a woman writing while standing by men .
a lot of asian women walking outside in light blue shirts .
several men around an indoor basketball hoop .
man in sleeveless shirt and shorts standing in the middle of the floor .
a man jumps inside a darkened gymnasium .
a group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball .
the woman is posing in high heels on a rusty ladder .
"asian male dressed in white , wearing straw hat and gloves , gesturing to people in crowd ."
two street musicians play guitars in asia .
a man wearing a white and red hat playing golf and is going to attempt to hit the ball .
a group of people are posing with their dogs .
a group of people walk on grass near a lake with dogs playing around them .
two young women with a large piece of paper .
many runners are running on the street in a race .
a yellow-shirted runner runs with a number pinned to their shirt .
a woman with a black shirt is looking at a carnival ride .
a man is walking past a latin american produce shop .
a large group of people are walking on a sidewalk .
dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
a boy grinds down the handrail of a stairway with his skateboard .
a group of people wearing numbers in the street .
a rugby match in progress is shown with the referee watching .
a boy riding a bicycle while a man holds onto the bike .
two oxen running through the lake leave man behind them covered in mud .
four persons are using the musical instruments .
a female is helping a child drive a bumper car .
people standing around a city square with bikes .
a man walks down a street by a man who selling items out of a booth .
a surfer rides a wave as it crashes on the beach .
a couple sits on a slanting tree trunk and poses for the camera .
a football player is tackling the player with the football as the crowd watches .
an overcrowded bus traveling down the street with people hanging off the back of it .
three people staying out of the sun
"a group of kids , sitting on the floor , in an art museum listening to an older lady ."
a black dog playing with a purple toy .
a group of rollerblading on a sloping road .
two motorcyclists are racing around a circular track .
"a young girl plays peek-a-boo , covering the eyes of the man on whose shoulders she sits ."
seven people jump into the water .
a woman wearing a t-shirt and shorts walks passing by a red sedan
a man in a blue cap is working with a bow .
a woman in a white shirt and jeans holding two rakes as she walks down the street .
rollerblader in red shirt is skating on a handrail .
an asian themed restaurant with a large mounted fish .
a man is leaning on a racing motorcycle .
an elderly man uses his walking stick to poke into a hole in the ground .
two women are sitting on a park bench talking to each other .
a child in a gray coat kicking a soccer ball .
a brown dog jumps over a wire fence .
a group of about 11 people of all ages with binoculars in the woods
boys and girls wearing navy blue shirts smile for the camera .
a woman watches a dog jump down the stairs .
a child in a mickey mouse shirt has their arms up and appears to be jumping .
a child in a blue jacket is looking to his left as bike rides down the street .
the skier is going down a large mountain .
a woman is climbing up a steep mountain over water .
a man is firing a handgun at a shooting range .
the two dogs are standing with their heads entwined around each other .
a group of skaters are at a skate park .
a man in a safety vest riding a bicycle on the highway .
a man walks on a fancy sidewalk next to an abandoned bar .
a male bicyclist trying to get something from his backpack on a busy street .
the boy does a jumps his bike into the air .
a asian women rides a bike while wearing a respirator mask .
the lady is wearing a bandanna around her face to protect her from dust .
a woman wearing a red hat and face paint smiles at another woman .
the child is playing in the rock .
a woman in a brown top with glasses is standing in front of a chart .
three young black men lean againest a white jeep .
a group of bikers wearing helmets standing near a van .
a trumpet player is playing music with his partner .
"two women looking at a food vendor , considering if they want to buy something ."
a little baby climbing up the ladder after someone .
the police officers in bright yellow jackets watch the crowd .
a man is using his computer in a kitchen .
a woman wearing a red and white dress holds hands with man in a blue jacket wearing flowers on his lapel .
several men loading a metal cannon
a woman in a brown shirt is speaking to someone .
a woman is presenting various documents using multimedia equipment .
a young girl is on a ride at an amusement park .
two men stand in front of a large green truck .
a family walks through a gravel field under high built wooden structures .
two black dogs race for a ball on the shore .
a woman in a blue top is working at a factory .
pedestrians and a bicyclist leisurely move past a modern building .
two girls play in the shower with their clothes on .
a woman is holding a baby in her arm while pointing .
there is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool .
a man rides a dirt bike over a hill .
a man is standing amidst a crowd of people while smoking a cigarette .
five men hauling in a fishing net on the beach .
"in an empty , dimmed bowling alley , a woman prepares to release a red bowling ball towards a group of five pins ."
a girl wearfing pink swings over a creek .
a lady with curly brown hair stands in a crowd with a camera .
two young soccer players race to the goal .
a group of young children in wheelchairs pull each other through a small village as they are photographed .
older man leads the band as they play .
a man in plaid yellow carrying two tin buckets .
a man walking a large black horse .
a dirt biker is taking a large jump wearing a yellow suit .
a homeless man is walking down the sidewalk alone .
young boy wearing an elmo t-shirt kneeling at a table with his meal .
little boy laying in a pile of leaves next to a skateboard .
two softball players trying to catch a ball
a lady is running her dog through an agility course .
a chunk of meat is presented out the window of a shop while a young man goes toward it .
a man shaving with a straight razor .
a crowd is standing in front of a building while holding newspapers and holding flags .
three girls with head wraps carrying objects while standing on unpaved surface .
a couple sit on a park bench with purple balloons tied to it .
a contestant in horseback sword fighting- the crowd looks on .
a woman carrying a purse walks by a shop .
two dogs run in a field .
a lady standing near the counter of a bakery smiling at the camera .
"grandfather , father and two sons are putting together a puzzle ."
a group of men in white hard hats inside an industrial building with one shooting a picture .
men standing at a construction site .
the black dog is pulling on something purple with its mouth .
little boy carrying a little girl on his back .
"five people standing on a stage , getting ready to perform , who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting ."
many individuals with coverings on their heads crowded together .
a group of men surround a woman in a headscarf .
a young girl standing alone in a hallway .
the pretty little girl with the red brush is combing her hair .
two workers in orange vests walk by delivery truck and hazard cones .
a girl and woman are posing while sitting on a carpeted staircase .
a player is sliding into home plate with the catcher guarding it .
"two chefs , one in traditional chef 's  cloths , the other in a suit cook asian food in woks ."
a batter swings at a ball .
a solemn young man in a striped collared shirt is holding a picture of himself and a woman in a silver frame .
chef with two women having a conversation .
black and brown dog jumping over hurdle with white supports .
women and little girls performing a cultural dance .
young girls perform a dance number on stage .
a group of boys studying in a library .
two young asian girls dressed in some sort of green and yellow clothing dance together .
a baseball player catches the ball while the batter reaches the base .
a woman with long hair is catching a softball in a softball field .
"little girl and older male , holding hands and walking on train tracks ."
a woman holding a hand puppet in front of a class of students .
a dog jumps to catch a ball in the surf .
two men dressed in yellow uniforms are using a jackhammer in the ground .
two men in swim trunks standing on sand .
"a dog , trailing a leash , chases a tennis ball across a grassy area ."
an older man indulging in a bottle of amber liquid .
a mom is pushing her two kids on the swing .
a man performs a dirt bike stunt over the sand .
"players wearing orange , white and black jackets and some of them are talking to each other"
a dog with an orange ball in its mouth swimming .
a boy is leaning down in front of a girl with blue striped hair in a subway station .
someone is surfing underneath a wave on a white surfboard .
a softball player in red and white swings and hits the yellow ball .
a girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat .
two players are on a wet field and one is on the ground .
a group of teens in gather in prom attire .
a young boy on a skateboard is crying while an adult touches his shoulder .
she is about to throw a stick for a competition .
"laying on stones , a girl with messy hair has her head on the boy laying next to her ."
a person jumping a horse over a fence .
the woman is jumping a long distance while people watch .
man rides on bicycle as other people walk .
a little girl in a purple sweater and plain shorts walks with a woman past a subway .
parents watch as girls play softball in a game .
a girl wearing the number one lafayette softball uniform is about to throw the ball .
a girl in a white and brown uniform swings at a softball .
a softball player 's  team watches as she swings at a pitch .
a young girl contorts her body during a performance .
a young girl is blowing bubbles with an orange bubble wand .
two guys joking around with each other .
a man is on a cellphone standing in front of a movie poster .
teenagers wearing formal clothes stand in a group outside .
a woman in blue stands with one hand on a dry rock surface .
a skateboarder goes down some stairs .
"two men walk down a stone stairway , one is riding a unicycle ."
many people are walking through a rural shopping area .
"a toddler dressed in green coat , blue jeans , and pink boots throws sand at the ocean ."
a person taking a picture of group of other people .
a woman is petting her dog near a stone path .
the brown dog is running on the grass .
a man standing in front of two ads prepares to throw something across a field .
a small cat laying with a large dog
"three people are standing in front of a blue wall with graffiti on it , while three metal poles and three green crates are in the foreground ."
dog with open mouth and a toy close by in the air
a group of people are sitting in an auditorium looking at a screen on the stage .
a man with a black hat and glasses playing the guitar .
a boy in a red shirt is looking towards an easel that an artist has .
"a man in a superman costume is holding a sign , on the side of the road ."
a man and female is making quick fixes to a tire tube on the dirt .
a boy jumping off a yellow spring board .
a golden dog is looking at a blue and yellow toy on the grass .
a male performer is playing a cello .
"a young , well-dressed black man seated behind a drum set and smiling ."
a woman with glasses is looking at food .
two adolescent girls are seated at a wooden table creating homemade crafts .
woman getting out of a red flying vehicle .
a blond woman at a table is writing in a book as two men look on .
man in black shirt getting ready to throw the ball in bowling alley .
a balding man in a blue blazer marks in a book at a desk in front of a chalkboard .
a woman and a young boy .
a man in a blue shirt is walking in front of a store on a city street .
"two military men practicing a  "" take-down ""  maneuver ."
a little girl jumps in the air next to a jukebox mural .
a couple walking down the street .
two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk .
four adults sitting at a table eating a meal
five large dogs run through a fenced grass area while wearing muzzles .
two little kids are beating on a bongo drum .
"surfer partially visible through crashing wave , shore in background ."
crowd watching airplane and helicopter in the sky .
a child rides a bike high in the air .
a child petting a dog .
a group of senior citizens are seated at round white tables as they wait for food .
the player is kicking a soccer ball on the grass field .
a gray dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field .
seven sailors dressed in blue on a boat .
a woman is looking through a scientific instrument at a small piece of technology .
a man in a blue t-shirt holds a camera .
the group of people make single file lines on the field .
a man sitting in a blue metal chair .
a dog with a stick in his mouth walking through water .
a student is cutting paper with delight .
black dog in a bandanna runs down a dirt road .
the hockey players move quickly towards the puck .
the skateboard is falling away from the skateboarder as he attempt a jump .
a brown dog playing with bubbles .
two men in black uniforms talking to a man holding a bottle of soda .
some men and women drink wine while watching television .
period re-inactors sit on grass bales and talk while others in more modern attire sit and walk in the background .
a woman in a plaid shirt looking in a glass tank .
"people are sitting , standing , and reading newspapers in an alleyway ."
baseball player holding a bat .
a woman in a yellow jacket and brown hat stands on a path by a lake .
hikers walk along some tough terrain .
a man with a shovel is doing some digging work in a hole outside .
two older men in coats are standing outside .
the little brown dog runs past another dog on the grass .
a bird flies low with its wings spread .
people look on as a guy attends to a fixed gear bike under a tent .
a large park beside a body of water with large animal sculpted bushes .
two smiling girls stand on a dirt road in india .
a brown-haired girl stoops to pick up a small white puppy on an empty street .
a blond woman in a red suit cleaning a metal object .
four dogs run in a field .
three people holding cameras are standing on a dirt trail with grass on the side of it .
older woman in an orange dress standing on a waterfront .
a fat man in a purple shirt eating a potato chip .
a woman in a pink shirt examines her camera .
"a man named luke , wearing a light blue shirt and a name tag is photographed from overhead as he stands leaning against the bar ."
"a man with a dog stands , outside on bricks , holding a sign ."
a woman is using a sewing machine on a messy table .
an older man is walking past writing on a wall .
a small black and white dog carrying a red bucket in his mouth
a man with helmet stands in front of a building
a male does an open leg trick while doing a wheelie on his bike .
one fighter delivers a hard blow to the face of another fighter .
two male ufc fighters are boxing against each other in a ring .
several people riding camels 2 per camel in the desert .
a woman in pink enjoys her iced tea and appetizer at a restaurant .
"a crowd of people seen from above , several are holding cameras ."
a woman and child attempting to spray paint a bicycle .
a boy on a bike is jumping above some sand mounds .
a football player is about to catch a football .
a group of people sitting around a desk .
a girl trying to hit a ball in the air with a tennis racket on the tennis court .
a boy skateboards on a ramp .
a fancy outdoors cafe on a sunny day .
a woman is looking at a photograph .
a man in a helmet is doing stunts on a bike .
joggers running down a rural road in a race .
a brown dog is drinking water from a bowl while a black dog jumps down next to him .
a hockey player wearing a red uniform reaches for the puck as others follow .
a man lounges in a chair while viewing a lava lamp and computer screen .
"two bikers , one with a mask , pose in the street with their bikes ."
a skier helping a fellow skier get up from the snow
the boy in the red and white suit is on a skateboard .
a man riding a bicycle down a ramp towards a dirt bike course .
man in skeleton-printed leather outfit sitting astride a red motorcycle .
two men are speaking with another man who is wearing a blue cap and carrying a book .
a couple practice different ways to wear sunglasses in front of a red car .
men are riding bicycles while trying to carry items at the same time in front of a blue building with red trim .
a showgirl puts on her lipstick in the mirror .
a bmx biker is currently in midair doing a front flip .
hockey player playing hockey during a game .
dogs enjoy chasing each other in the park .
man with gray shirt with a white name badge .
a man stands across from a woman and holds her necklace while she looks at him .
a little boy is in a tire
crowd of people are standing around near some palm trees in the even hours of night .
a smiling man on a horse in front of brush and woods .
a man and child stand in a yard next to a bench .
a small boy does a handstand on one hand .
"a room full of children raise their hands , fingers extended , to the sky ."
a young girl posing with another woman each smiling .
three young adults gaze at the approaching storm .
three children sit down to a meal .
a man is jumping up high while holding several blue balloons on a string .
a group of children do stretches on colored mats .
a man and a woman are strapped into a circular metal ride .
a rugby player blocks while holding the ball .
a man in a silver coat and hat sitting on a bus .
two girls giving the peace sign .
a man is standing next to a woman and he is holding an electronic device to his ear .
three seniors look out the window at the water .
people are passing through the city while a musician is playing .
two people stand outside of a red car in the city and hug .
two women walking down the sidewalk by a pond .
a guy setting the table for dinner .
a little girl in a pink dress holding a hose .
two dogs approach each other in the grass .
a number of people are sitting at a restaurant while a waiter navigates between the tables .
kids are playing around the playground ship with climbing net and stairs .
"a man in white , a man in black with a red headscarf , and a blond woman smoking ."
old man playing the accordion on a street corner .
students in a classroom of some sort are doing art projects .
an elderly man goes for a run on a busy street .
a red-haired girl smiling sitting next to a brown-haired man who is also smiling .
children are praying before the beginning of school .
a woman in white and woman in black are standing by each other talking on cellphones .
a woman and a child sit together and smile .
a woman wearing a black skirt and pumps is riding her white and red moped .
a group of several people standing around a railing
"a red biplane in the sky , with a trail of smoke ."
an african woman shakes dust out of something .
a hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal .
"a person on a bmx bike , running a course ."
"a large group of people walking down a street , some carrying flags or banners ."
a woman is operating a sewing machine as a child watches .
"two skateboarders , one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt , race each other ."
several people are talking in an alleyway .
childern are playing on a merry-go-round as adults on a bench watch them .
two rock climbers near the base of a rock face .
many people are sitting by long tables filled with computers but most are not using them .
a young woman is jumping on a trampoline
a boy on a skateboard balances on a red beam .
a man in a blue uniform kicking the soccer ball down the field
a person in a white shirt skateboarding off a rail .
two dogs are running together through mowed grass .
the skateboarder is about to jump from a wooden bench .
two kids are playing soccer together .
a man in a brown hat is standing up in a group .
older man putting on socks in a treeless sand dune .
a worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market .
blond girl in green dress with pink flowers .
"three ballerinas dressed in white , dance outside while a woman in a black dress looks on ."
"a blue bus is parked on the street , a man walks by ."
a man in a green hat and blue swim trunks sunbathing on the beach .
a man reading a magazine on the couch .
there are three women wearing different dresses and headbands dancing in the street .
a biker prepares to go down a hill .
a gray-haired woman in a gray scarf and a black shirt is sitting a table with a plastic bag in her hand .
a person is sleeping on the sidewalk with his or his face covered .
a woman with the name steph on her yellow shirt is participating in a running race with other racers .
a woman with sunglasses is walking on the sidewalk .
many people are gathered around a street with trees talking .
the gondola is poling his boat in the canal .
a man kneeling on the ground surrounded by several cats
a woman poses next to a spinning wheel .
a man is about to be tackled in the rugby game .
several people are running a race next to a vineyard .
"a baseball player holds his bat , while the catcher and umpire squat behind him and a crowd watches ."
a little boy is running across a crosswalk .
a lone sailboat moves across a beautiful blue sea with two men at the helm .
two men wearing fishing gear talk outside .
a guy flies through the air on his bicycle in a skateboard park .
a woman sits on a train and reads intently .
a skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp .
the brown dog is running outside on the grass .
a white dog is chasing a stuffed animal being pulled on a string .
a dog leaping on pavement .
a runner with plaid shorts is running a race in the countryside .
a group of people running up a hill .
runners participating in a race run up a hill on a paved road through wine country .
two men carry out daily tasks in a food market .
one person is tumbling on the ground next to another person with his shoes off .
a woman diving in a blue swimsuit .
"a man with white shoes , a white hat , and a white shirt running on pavement ."
men and women wearing are wearing red on the street .
a snowboarder in the air over a snowy mountain .
two dogs are playing in a grassy field
a woman stands on a bridge with a crowd behind her .
man riding a horse jumping over a wooden fence .
people sitting at a picnic table in a grassy area near a tree .
four individuals are dancing in an open street .
"two dogs on the grass , barking at each other ."
a brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball .
"a man playing cricket , his bat pointed to the sky ."
a horse and rider jumping a small fence .
"a man in a long-sleeved shirt , riding a yellow moped across a street ."
a pianist and a singer are ready to perform .
a woman in black is sitting next to a man wearing glasses in a coffee shop .
a man in blue is caught right after releasing the bowling ball .
two husky little boys in black dress shirts with longish haircuts stand behind the seated woman in the white blouse .
a man making the cravat to his best friend .
a man is jumping on a green bicycle over a sign that says 'free dinner' .
a person taking a photograph of a child in a colourful outfit .
a bride and groom stand together in front of a wooden fence .
a dog catches a ball in the air
a brown dog leaps in the air to catch a white volleyball .
two men battle it out in a boxing match with white gloves .
two men boxing in a match .
a man peeking out a window of a merchant building .
a group of kids play around in water .
two boxers with white gloves are fighting .
a dog with a rope toy in its mouth runs on the grass .
men performing in front of a crowd .
several kids standing around on the streets one playing with a ball
"couple getting married , bride holding pink flowers ."
a person swims in a body of water with a waterfall .
an old bald man in the spotlight playing the guitar .
a seated man playing a small guitar next to a standing man plucking a bass .
a man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cellphone with other people behind him .
three men sit down in a building illuminated with green light .
two girls and a boy perform a dance .
adults and children are playing with water balloons in the street .
a group of people standing in the street
a runner makes a face during a race because he is in pain .
"people are sitting on scaffolding on a large , white building ."
a young boy in a red uniform jumps on a trampoline .
a woman and a man in sweatshirts instructing many young children indoors
a group of asian children play a game by standing in a circle among other adults .
"asian young boy with a gray sweater , playing an asian game ."
a person wearing a gray and red jacket running through sand towards mountains .
several adults are talking to a group of children .
a group of people walk down a path in a wooded area .
a father and son take a break .
"a woman and a child , both with dark hair and eyes play with two puppies that are lying on the ground ."
a man smiling while holding an acoustic guitar .
a man wearing a yellow helmet climbing the side of a large rock wall .
a small boat carrying two people moves through the water .
a man picks up and swings a young child while another child looks on .
a small girl blowing a bubble among other children .
two asian men are leading a group of children in a game that involves touching your head .
two children read in bed .
a black and white dog is swimming in some water
the girl is at the park playing on the jungle gym .
a young boy wearing a helmet and riding a bike in a park .
man kissing a woman 's  neck on a busy sidewalk .
two men are having a conversation at a brick wall .
a person behind some bags inside an igloo .
a man is skiing down a snowy hill with a large mountain in the background .
a man sits playing his instrument as park goers sit behind him .
four people sitting on a stone wall that overlooks trees and buildings .
a girl is jumping a hurdle and about to touch ground .
an old woman is sitting next to a young girl with her fingers in her mouth .
a barefoot man on a hill side is bent over .
a man about to throw a toy for a dog to go and fetch .
"a construction worker , in the middle of the street ."
"tall black man standing with a dog in the foreground , another black man in the background looking over the scene ."
"a man is sitting on a bench , cooking some food ."
two men work on the sewers in the middle of the road as a bmw stops next to them .
a blond woman in a tan shirt sending a text .
an inline skater in red pants and blue shirt skates between green cones .
sports player opening a bottle of champagne to celebrate his victory
the momma dog is feeding her litter of pups .
a closeup of a hummingbird .
a motocross rider is traveling along a dirt path with people watching .
3 girls have fun while playing a card game .
a woman is walking with her son who has a backpack with a leash .
a cabin shot of a very crowded airplane
a girl is in midair with cables tied to her surrounded by blue skies .
a couple is having a discussion on the edge of a canal .
"a baseball player , in a white uniform and red hat , is getting ready to throw a ball on a sunny day ."
two men performing moves near to ocean .
the large white bird swoops down hovering above the water .
the black dog is running through water .
a man sits outside on a wooden fence amid a large grassy field in the morning sun .
two people a man and woman riding an elephant in a field .
"three elephants , each carrying a group of people , walking through the water ."
a man is playing is guitar on a sidewalk while its raining .
a man is sipping on a drink while listening to a gentleman talking to him
two men run through a parking lot wearing camouflage pants .
a guy doing a grind over an edge in his skateboard .
a gymnast does a handstand on the parallel bars .
a student music ensemble rehearses a piece of music .
a young girl throws her graduation cap into the air .
two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy .
a girl is standing on a snowy cliff .
young boy with brown hair and black goggles cupping hands over face emerging from the water in a pool
"several people on a bus , one is an unhappy woman ."
"man with rifle , glasses , hat , in camouflage takes picture next to dog , in front of a field ."
a musician and a crowd next to stage full of musical instruments .
two young boys are playing in the water .
girl in pink top dancing in a field .
woman with a red helmet and red and black stockings playing roller derby .
a man waterskiing through the air near a dock .
a girl in a cowboy hat and a boy standing on the ocean shore
a man works in a bike shop .
a child in a white and green soccer uniform kicks a white ball .
a little boy wearing an orange shirt is sitting on a purple chair .
a woman skating in a roller derby wearing a red helmet with a white star on it .
"an asian child is nude having fun in the water , despite being in dirty water ."
a white and tan dog runs along the green grass .
two men play lacrosse or field hockey .
three boys in suits and sashes and a girl in a dress in sash in a field .
a quad sends dirt flying into the air .
three men in black jackets stand by a desk in a field holding red microphones .
"a group of children sit , stand , and kneel along a wall ."
a man in a center of travel is carrying many things .
the small child is standing on a tricycle .
a man in a red uniform swings while another in a blue uniform jumps and others look on .
a skateboarder approaches a ramp .
the person is throwing a yellow object in the air while standing on sand .
a kid with red short about to jump into the pool
a group of runners standing in front of a red car in europe .
the two men are engaged in a boxing match .
three people walking through a wooded area during the day .
a woman cleaning a sneeze screen at a restaurant .
a brown dog is standing on his back legs trying to reach something in the man 's  hand .
a person jumping a ramp with three people in the background .
two women in black with flags are standing in front of an old-fashioned car .
the three men are playing basketball on a blacktop .
three people are crouched down close to the ground with orange buckets beside them .
a woman returns the tennis ball .
a man in a brown coat and jeans is walking down a street .
a man in a group of people is taking a photo .
a red race car going down a dirt road with a group of people watching .
the blue and gray vehicle is racing through the gravel .
bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end .
a man on a bike does a very high jump .
this is a bunch of people standing in line at what looks like a bicycle shop .
man in a brown shirt cooking meat cooking meat on a small grill .
a brown dog with a blue muzzle is running on green grass .
three young men are inspecting their bicycles in the sun .
"a row of bicycles , and people sitting on a dock , near the waterside ."
some people are in a bicycle shop .
a woman in a green top riding a bike .
individual on rocks with a waterfall in the background .
a young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress .
a person skateboarding down a ramp at night .
four musicians stand and play their instrument and sing into microphones .
two people in life jackets in a rowboat
"a large group of people are watching something , screaming , and taking pictures ."
a shabby looking man stands near a carriage full of crates .
"a young boy with a red shirt , blue jeans and sneakers appears to be running by the pioneer county office ."
several people are climbing a snow covered mountain .
two white swans in the lake .
a novice gymnast shows her acrobatic talent by leaping from a bar stool .
"men in uniform , with flags , are gathered outdoors for a ceremony ."
number 24 feels it is his turn to score the soccer ball .
7 people who are wearing all black are walking on a glacier .
a pitcher throws the ball .
a woman dressed in blue leaps into the water 's  edge at a beach as a photographer takes a picture .
tourists are standing a mountain viewpoint beneath a clear blue sky .
two people with red vests on standing in white snow in a passage .
a nascar driver trying to keep his car on the course
a dog running at the beach with a man looking in the background .
a boy stands on a black bench .
a boy in green throws his left leg into a kick .
three black dogs running after an orange ball .
a man with a hat and a woman with a black top are walking on a grass field .
a man in a yellow shirt holds his thumb out .
two young men on bicycles one is doing a flip while the other watches
a man wearing sunglasses sitting next to a table full of beverages .
a man in the blue shirt is playing a song on his guitar while a woman and a child listen .
muscular man taking pictures of a lake with boats .
a person is riding a bike on a dirt road .
"man paddles red kayak , orange kayak in background ."
two puppies are tugging on a rag in the grass .
a policeman on a horse surrounded by onlookers .
a man tossing a frisbee to his dog that leaps to catch it .
a smiling toddler in a pink swimsuit is laying in the water .
a group of children are huddled together in a yard with a bamboo fence .
a person in a long cloak and a cane walking .
three young men stand against a wall talking while one young boy looks forward holding a poster .
a man does ti chi on a rock overlooking a forest .
two women and a man are dressed casually sitting at a table around a lantern in the woods .
the boy in the red shirt is skateboarding .
two teenage boys jump flailing into a hotel pool .
some people waiting to purchase items from a street vendor .
two climbers are wearing backpacks ascending a very snowy mountain .
"two people are climbing up a huge , snowy mountain ."
a girl in all pink is jumping into the air at a bowling alley .
two adults enjoying a painting of hand prints .
teens are posing for a picture at a crowded event .
a young girl in a bright yellow dress surrounded by yellow flowers
the vendor is holding a lot of balloons created in the shape of disney characters .
a man climbs out of the ocean onto a rock
a man wearing aqua pants and matching flip-flops pulls a cart carrying handmade brooms through the street .
a man in a yellow shirt standing at a counter .
two women in a mixture of islamic and american garb bring large boxes on a cart through a checkout line .
an asian man riding his bicycle down the street .
a line of military trucks are passing by a soldier who is walking away .
a woman putting a necklace on another woman
a bird flies low to the ground .
a dog splashing through a puddle in the grass .
two women wearing helmets and safety pads appear to be fighting .
a woman in a pink jacket sits while typing on a laptop .
the boy in the black swim trunks dives into the pool .
a diver underwater posing next to a large aquatic organism .
a small boy in a white shirt is jumping with a sword in his hand .
man in martial arts-style costume jumping in midair .
a crowded bus and a young man in glasses pinching his nose .
a person learning how to rock climb with another person assisting .
two men are climbing on an interestingly shaped rock feature .
"three people , two playing drums and one playing a horn instrument ."
a cowboy waves a lasso in the air at a horse show .
"three policemen , one on his cop bike , wearing black uniforms with black boots ."
street view of a city featuring a old asian woman walking by a pay phone .
two young kids walk up some stairs .
a brown dog treads the water with something in its mouth .
two people stop on an empty city street .
a person is riding a bicycle with a red wall in the background .
a spotted black and white dog splashes in the water .
two girls are posing behind a tree with big smiles .
a group of kids are riding a subway .
a boy doing a flip in the air at the beach .
a black dog sticking its nose into the water .
four young women wearing bikini swimsuits leap into the ocean on a sunny day .
peoople stand outside a building near a street .
people on the street watch a street performer with a guitar .
a brown dog jumps in the ocean .
a group of people ride horses through a wooded area .
ladies being taken through an exercise routine by the military
a man climbing up on a rock ledge .
a boy climbing a tree; smiling for the picture .
three girls in colorful outfits are dancing under a stage light .
two men and a woman playing a happy game of spin the bottle .
a us army soldier teaches a student how to treat wounds
a group of adults have their bikes ready to ride
a soldier walking a dog with a satchel in its mouth .
a woman signs paperwork at an event .
"a girl does a side bend in the surf , another girl behind her , the sun setting ."
three people loading or unloading their car .
a woman is carrying a child across a stone bridge .
a very happy person walking in the woods with the leaves blowing .
a young girl upside down on a swing set
"a woman stands in front of a man holding a small , smiling baby ."
a baseman catches a baseball while a runner slides to touch the base during a game of baseball .
a solider shaving outside while a dog is at his side .
most people are sitting at tables reading but one man looks like he 's  sleeping .
a man and women are working with each other
a small crowd of people sitting at tables and consuming food or beverages while others are standing or walking .
the red sox outfielder catches a fly baseball with his glove .
the new york mets ended the inning by catching an overeager boston player heading back to first .
a group of people are listening to someone talk .
two dogs run with a young child along a lake
women sitting in chairs look through a binder .
a man is driving a motorcycle in the dirt near bushes .
a man in blue jumping a dirt bike .
a woman wearing a warm up suit looks at her cellphone .
a young female with brown hair holds an orange butterfly .
"a group of men are sitting and standing a courtyard , some of them are reading books and some are talking ."
a girl dressed in pink runs from the ocean to the beach .
two young men and a woman are standing at the back of a blue pickup truck sorting through vegetables with smiles on their faces .
girl in pink striped mittens laughing in a crowd .
"while sitting on a blue plastic chair , a man in a pink shirt peels fruit into a bowl ."
a buy skateboarding at a skate park .
the man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air .
a wrestler jumps over the ropes .
two people are looking out into the water at the end of a wooden jetty .
a blue bird is flying through the trees .
a man drinking out of two green wine bottles at the same time .
a baby in a black shirt is mouthing a blue elephant toy .
"infant boy with blond-hair in blue clog sandals , blue jumper , touching an orange traffic cone ."
a child drawing a picture using crayons
two race cars on a road in front of a grassy parking area .
a man and a woman exercising in a park .
a large woman in a black and white stripe shirt is holding some colorful decorations while staring at two men .
a little boy in a green striped shirt holding up a stick on his porch .
a group of people smiling and riding on a boat .
the man is carrying several cases while riding a skateboard .
a man is roller-skating down the wall next to some white steps .
couple sleep on subway line sitting next to each other .
a man sleeps on a bench behind a fountain .
a young boy in patriotic shorts running on the beach .
a smiling blond-headed little girl is lying on the floor tummy down looking up while a line of dominoes sit beside her .
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .
"two dogs , one tan and one black , play tug-of-war on the grass near the pond ."
the baby enjoys taking its bath .
two asian women with short black hair talking with each other .
many people sit a table clothed tables eating food and making conversation .
"male in green plaid shirt and name tag , holding a microphone with right thumb in his blue jean 's  pocket ."
a man in a green jacket smoking a cigarette throwing a small ball .
a woman talks to her friends while sitting in a restaurant .
a young boy is swimming with goggles .
several women dressed in gypsy-like clothing dance about in a forest .
a dog walks on a path surrounded by trees .
a woman wearing a yellow shirt runs along a red track .
a man is interacting with a dog that is running past him .
there are men in a room with soda and chips on a table .
man playing a game with a young girl .
a little boy wearing goggles is holding a gun .
three women in business wear walk across a courtyard .
a woman is sitting on a bus facing many brown houses .
a girl is lying on a short brick wall .
a brindle dog standing next to a christmas tree sniffing a small child laying on the floor as the child plays with toy vehicles .
a child in a pink dress outside .
a young girl in a yellow dress and a small boy in a white suit .
"waterskier jumps off the water 's  surface , unknown structure in background ."
a man standing next to a little girl standing in a garbage can in a yard .
a yellow dog runs through green grass .
two teen guys are doing skateboard tricks at a skate park .
the man and child are swimming .
a man is jumping from a rock into the ocean while others are watching .
a man in shades and a sweatshirt watches a girl stand in a recycling bin .
the boy wearing the red jacket is hanging on the side of the swing set .
a young lady is wearing bright pink sunglasses and sitting on a small trampoline .
5 male polo players in action during a game on a polo field on a sunny day .
two women are climbing over rocks near to the ocean .
two boys walk out on a military monument over grassy green fields .
the three dogs play in the sand .
six people are posing for a picture in front of a wall with graffiti .
a woman wearing a helmet is in a rollerskating competition .
a man with a shaved head stands in a river and holds onto a rope .
two brindle dogs running in the grass .
a woman in a black and blue outfit is dancing in the street with a woman in a black and red outfit .
a man grilling hotdogs and sausages .
a baseball pitcher in a red and white uniform throws the ball while his teammate watches .
a woman in an orange scarf pulls a pack of cigarettes from a carton .
a crowd scene with people in yellow and white native clothing .
adults wearing balloon hats are watching children play in a balloon castle .
a horse jockey is riding on a course .
"elderly couples dance at night , with strings of lights in the background ."
a young boy in a green swing rides through the air near a barn .
"a man is sitting by the lake , under an umbrella , painting ."
a flock of seagulls is taking off from the beach .
two boys swing standing up on a yellow swing set
three mountain bikers are in a race in the woods .
a group of boys play basketball together .
"a blue , red , and yellow plane does a loop in the air ."
a young boy taking a picture through the glass and two females chatting .
a white dog and a black and white dog are playing while two more black dogs move towards them .
a man sitting in a chair in front of a red building .
"two women , who are very athletic , are playing beach volleyball ."
person doing a skateboard stunt
four young puppies snuggling together in the middle of a blanket .
three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle .
two white and brown dogs barking on the shoreline while waves roll in behind them .
two white dogs and one light brown dog running along the beach .
two woman are showing different facial expressions and wearing gold and purple costumes .
a girl playing in a puddle while wearing a pink coat
the father and a son are running in the seashore .
a man wearing a black hat opening a cardboard box .
two boys are kicking a yellow soccer ball in the surf at the beach .
a man wearing a light blue shirt and navy pants is walking down an alley .
a dog is swimming through deep water near several ducks .
two men are kickboxing .
a man looks over a menu while the waiter waits to take his order .
a hot air balloon has some trouble taking off .
several young children with their fingertips on the egde of a white frisbee
an older man in a white sweater talks on a cellphone .
a man dressed in an orange colored robe wearing sandals is sitting on a bench outside of a building .
a group of kids and a mother watch as an american girl plays on her cellphone .
two children are laughing and playing in a tire swing at a park .
a small child sitting on his knees on a white tile floor .
a batter swinging at a pitched baseball with a batter warming up in the background .
a little boy batting in a baseball game .
a person taking a picture of someone skating down a railing at night .
a duck flaps its wings near the water .
three hard hat construction workers taking a break near their plant .
the brown-haired man and woman are posing for a picture .
there is person standing in water and playing with a dog .
an indian chief in full dress .
a native american band plays instruments under a tent .
a young man wearing a tan shirt jumping high in the air on mats .
people watching two men in brownish orange robes handling snakes on dirt road .
a young man jumps a bicycle off a sloped wall over a bench .
a man wearing no shirt does a trick on his red and black bicycle .
"two motorcycle racers on a track , one without his motorcycle ."
a group of women riding horses while holding the flags of multiple nations
three people wrestle with a bull at a rodeo .
a woman with a guitar sings in front of a building and grass .
three people standing on boardwalk looking at buildings across the water .
a lab dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background .
a woman in a blue tennis outfit completes a swing .
a man wearing a purple hat and clown makeup is cheering to a crowd .
a man at a rodeo is thrown off a horse .
a woman is getting her hair curled by someone else with a curling iron .
men at a rodeo try to tame a bull .
the man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence .
a dog leaps through a snowy field .
a woman jumps up to avoid a leak from a fermentation tank .
young boy with red swim trunks playing in sand on the beach .
a guy with a blue helmet stands on ropes above everyone else .
man playing guitar in a dark room .
a man with a stick in his left hand in a field
a bike rider riding in the opposite direction of traffic .
a man walks across a rooftop in the city with a kite flying overhead .
a man falling off of his surfboard .
a surfer on a yellow surfboard is splashing up water onto another surfer .
man setting up table of cheese wheels .
a group of hockey players and one official stand on the ice during a game .
a woman walking parallel to a yellow line against traffic .
a woman works in a booth with colorful merchandise .
the eagle is flying low to the ground .
two women are having a drink and a good time .
man kayaking losing his paddle and falling out of the boat .
a man with a shaved head riding a mountain bike .
a small black dog jumps over a bar .
a man and a woman holding cups with another man nearby .
large group of people at convention of some sort perusing merchandise .
"yellow dog stands on hind legs with ball in mouth , building in background ."
two women are sitting at a table together working on crafts .
a young girl making an arts and crafts project as a teacher looks over the table .
an older woman is cutting something out of a book .
some school teachers are doing crafts and the others are discussing something in a colorful room .
a group of women dancing together .
a brown dog is running on a rock .
"children are playing soccer , while an adult looks on ."
a young woman with tight abs is lifting weights .
two people eating food in the sunlight .
a man wearing no shirt and a backpack runs with a box on his head .
spectators watching a motorcyclist ground around a track .
there is a tree or vine on the side of the building .
the men are using hoes to break the soil .
a boy is doing a skateboarding trick in the air .
"a boy with a basketball , leaping for the goal ."
"a girl 's  hands , another person 's  feet , and a boy playing bongo drums sit on a picnic table ."
the two boys are playing in wet sand .
the young woman with the scarf is giving a present to someone .
guys gathered outside an ice cream store on a sunny day .
a brown and white dog runs in a field of yellow flowers .
a group of people are having a party .
a group of people with luggage line up outside of an airport .
a black dog walking along a rocky terrain .
the daughter admits that her mom is cool in her aviator sunglasses .
two asian women hold a vibrant ymca poster .
one man in a green kayak paddling through the water .
a boy punching with a spray of snow .
"a guy is getting his hair shaved off by another guy , while a third guy takes a picture ."
four children are waiting as someone cuts wood .
a man wearing a backpack looks up at a waterfall .
a dog running on a trail in the mountains .
a man wearing a gray shirt waving in the middle of a plant nursery
mother and child wearing blue shirts playing outside .
a skateboarder does a trick on the coping of a bowl .
people are walking on a sidewalk in a city .
girl making a weird face dancing in a parade .
a jockey rinding a horse prepares to jump over an obstacle
a woman wearing a black and white outfit is ice skillfully skating while other people watch her .
two children in blue shirts laying on benches
a woman in sunglasses is smiling as she sits on top of some rocks .
two men in different colored jerseys play hockey .
a man is partially silhouetted and leaning against a dark object .
jockeys on horses during a race .
a man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people .
red and white motorbike number 58 races around the track .
two men standing near a metal structure in front of a brick wall .
a kid touching a baseball base and wearing a blue helmet .
a boy with a t-shirt on that says frog! stands leafing through the pages of a book .
a man on a bicycle performing a jump .
two men in safety vests work on a project outdoors .
a street with several people and several merchant booths along both sides .
a small black dog in the ocean with some rocks in the background
two construction workers smooth out concrete surface .
a little girl is standing next to another little girl who is taking a photograph .
the baseball player is running after the ball .
a man in an orange hard hat operating heavy machinery .
a group of men playing lacrosse at night .
dancers in white are performing on a blacked out stage with a pink lighted hue illuminating them .
"a wet dog , playing with a toy in the water ."
a boy is throwing an object into the air while a few other children watch him .
racing on wet road while man hangs on back .
man looking very exciting holding headphones standing outside next to a woman .
a group of people dancing together .
a woman in blue and a man in red are about to kiss with foliage nearby .
"a man , lying on the grass , hand outstretched to another arm ."
a man dressed in blue standing in front of a colorful fruit and vegetable stand
"cheerleaders , building a pyramid , pose in front of a crowd ."
two cheerleaders dressed in black and pink are posing with one leg held up .
cheerleaders in falcons outfits are forming a pyramid .
two people and a dog play in the water using a blue inflatable toy .
young girl in red dress is kissing another girl on the head .
a group of children gather around a white dog on the grass outside .
young people are sitting and talking in a coffee bar .
the big dog is looking through the fence at the small dog .
man inspecting his bicycle near a road .
"a little boy with a blue shirt carries a blue shovel at the beach , as he runs towards a couple of seagulls ."
"a baseball player is passing the ball , while a man walks across the camera 's  view ."
two children are in a pool with a beach ball floating nearby .
a group of cheerleaders cheering .
there 's  a group of eight people paddling kayaks in a body of water .
a mountain bike racer jumps his bike as spectators watch .
two men in an orange boat ride across the water .
a boy and a girl play on there floor with a train set .
a man in red swimming trunks pushing a baby stroller down a crowded beach .
two men walk in front of a white brick building .
a man wearing a blue shirt is playing drums .
a man on a skateboard while the crowd watches .
a silver car goes out of control on a racetrack .
a swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool .
a dog is standing on its hind legs with its paws outstretched whilst carrying a red object in its mouth .
three muzzled and numbered dogs running through the grass .
"a group of people , many with backpacks , walk down a corridor carrying rolling luggage ."
a man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts eating .
"a young man skateboards in black shoes , black pants , and a white top with sunglasses ."
a woman playing on an oversize checkers board .
a tattooed man with a white dog jumping up for a stick .
two people on a bench sitting in the shade .
two men wearing helmets are knelt down among six traffic cones in the street .
a man is climbing on rocks by the water .
"two dogs play in a river , one is making a splash ."
three kids playing with balls on a lawn
two people are performing a dance with fire as the main attraction .
a man holds two puppies .
a dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
group of people riding in a bus .
"a child , aged under 10 years old is midair during a basketball shot ."
a young man is napping at work on a chair outside the door .
"two kids , one wearing white one wearing red , playing in the water on a beach ."
a child is thrown in the air on the beach .
the number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red dressed opponents .
a man is laying in a small multicolor tent .
a group of people are sitting on the steps outside .
a man in the distance filling a wheel barrel .
a young boy carrying a large soccer ball with a soccer feild in the background
boy plays baseball in a grass field .
a brunette is outside a fruit and vegetable shop selecting groceries to purchase .
the large dog watches the small one play with rope .
three men adjust ropes around a brown metal pipe .
a dog wading into the water
a man is jumping with his body forward toward a photograph screen and a large photography light .
children in uniform walking to school .
a man in gray sits and watches a waterfall from a rock .
a group working together to pull something to shore .
a hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert .
a young boy in a blue transformer shirt walking in shallow water with a pleased look on his face .
riders on a roller coaster hold their hands up in excitement as the train races down the tracks .
the young man leaps to serve the volleyball on the beach .
two men in a cage are boxing with each other in front of tons of people .
three people riding on a blue and white boat .
a boy in a white shirt is doing a kick in the air .
a young man in a fishing canoe .
a young boy wearing a spider-patterned shirt on the sand .
the ladies with this young girl look happy .
a man is on the back of his friend .
two men jump around together outside of a building .
a boy recoils from the impact of sand onto his bare chest .
a man grinding down a handrail .
a blond woman in a green tank top rides her bicycle in front of an apartment building .
one professional wrestler leaps onto another outside the ring .
a group of players chase a ball on a field .
the smiling child has bubbles near their ear .
four people walking down the street and one is trying to jump in a shopping cart .
a dog swims in the water .
the boy on a skateboard is jumping through the air .
a motocross driver speeds by during a race .
a group of women in native garb sit on the floor .
a pair of black dogs runs in the surf .
a man does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs .
woman in a blue jacket sitting at the edge of a tennis court .
a brown and white dog is running with its mouth open accross a field .
a soccer team poses for a picture .
"some people are standing around a large inflatable slide , watch a child slide down it ."
a woman wearing a digital watch is singing into a microphone .
a very happy boy is climbing a pole on a porch in a backyard .
men are walking with a pack of dogs .
here we have a guy using a pressure washer on the sidewalk .
a girl in black hat holding an african american baby .
a bunch of kids are climbing on a tree and hamming it up .
a man with a cigarette in his mouth is playing pool .
someone is ski-ing off the top of some type of building .
someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles .
a toddler wearing a blue hat and coat is looking up at a sign and pointing .
a rider on a dirt bike races through a forest .
horse jockeys racing on horses in a race .
young girl in a brightly colored outfit peeks through a wooden fence .
a woman with a green shirt and a woman with an orange shirt posing with outstretched arms
"two horses with riders , race along the track ."
a man and two women are inside a greenhouse holding gardening tools .
an older man stands on the sidewalk painting the view .
two men sit at a table on the sidewalk under a francisco street sign
a young man and woman hug while wearing wigs .
a man in a green jacket staring at the sky near a forrest .
an older man and a younger man are wearing jackets .
two pedestrians passing a restaurant look at the dog that is looking at them .
a black and white dog jumping over a hurdle .
a young girl is seating in front of a machines pressing buttons .
students sitting in a lecture hall listening to a lecture .
a man and woman couple is dancing with blurry trees in the background .
a man and a woman wearing red embracing .
a man wearing slacks and a red shirt dances with a woman wearing a tight red dress .
a man is walking past a red building while wearing specialized gear .
a white dog jumps out of the water to catch a tennis ball .
a dog jumps over a hurdle .
a coach and referee have a discussion while a baseball game is in progress .
a little girl kneeling on a bed .
"an older gentleman and lady standing on a outdoor stairway talking , each with folders in their hands ."
a man is outside sitting next to a tree and bushes .
2 kids sleeping while the adults dance the night away .
man walking next to a horse pulling a cart in forest .
a young guy wearing all gray and a cap looks at a punching bag while other look on .
a group of people spending time at a park in costume .
"six young adults , one holding a dog by the leash , jump ecstatically on the beach ."
these skateboarders are attempting stunts at night .
a person is in the air on a bike near a body of water .
man in shorts and blue shirt cooking on charcoal grill .
a show jumper is clearing a white fence on his horse .
a man standing in snow with a mountain in the background
a girl stands with both hands up looking off at the setting sun and a sailboat .
a baby in a pool splashing water in the air .
"a man with a full head mask , khakis , and a blue shirt sits on a suitcase near orange and white construction barrels and pays the accordion for five people sitting in green and white lawn chairs ."
a man on a train with a blue shirt on .
"a long-haired , bearded young skateboarder does a stunt on a skateboarding surface ."
two young boys playing on the rocks .
a brown dog with a baseball in its mouth .
a woman kneels before a sewing machine .
orchestra playing for people in hard hats in a room with a damaged ceiling
a man and woman dressed up dance together outdoors .
white dog with collar running in fenced in grassy area
the child in the blue shirt is running through the sand .
a brown dog is staring into the distance while standing on dry grass .
a woman looking through the window of locksmith .
"a man is holding a large object , bending in front of many plants ."
a man in an office is checking information on his laptop .
a man dressed in black is surfing on a large blue wave .
a large group of brighty clothed dancers taking photographs .
two little girls reading a book at the library .
three men are sitting down laughing .
a rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp .
a man jumps in the air while sky surfing .
people are at an outdoor shopping bazaar walking and looking at merchandise .
two dogs run through a field .
a man in a flannel shirt is standing inside of a hollow tree .
a group of people sitting on yellow chairs and talking .
a group of dogs standing in a river .
a young adult male stands with a basketball on a court .
"people playing cricket in the park , pine trees in the back ."
two brown dogs run through a field .
a young girl is wearing a purple shirt and pink headband .
two terriers jumping after a tennis ball in a park
three woman and a man sing their hearts out in the microphone .
two men carrying luggage are standing in the middle of field of green grass .
a woman is attempting to ride a small wave .
a child plays with a costumed adult at a parade .
a toddler holds a rubber chicken suspended in air
a man holding flowers runs from two policeman .
two women are smiling next to a microphone on a stage .
a blond woman stands behind a microphone .
"two children , one boy and one girl , walking down a paved road holding a black umbrella ."
people walking through a quaint area .
a man is playing the guitar on the sidewalk while another man sits in the background near a bicycle .
the black dog is pouncing on something in the yard .
"two people on stage hold a pose , as other characters stand on the background ."
man in yellow hat holding up trophy
a man on a skateboard jumping an orange cone .
dancers perform on stage .
the black dog is tugging at a green rope .
men wearing hats walk on the street .
an older gentleman in a plaid shirt and glasses is smiling at the camera .
people at an outdoor farmer 's  market .
three large dogs are playing in the water at the beach .
a woman stretches by the ocean at sunrise .
three smiling children swing in a tire swing at a playground .
overweight girl holds a large black gerbil in her hands .
a woman holds her cellphone up to a cardboard box of kittens while another woman watches them .
two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation .
a crowd of people singing with four green strobe lights shining in the background .
an ump in black watches a baseball game .
a cheerleader dressed in an orange and white outfit is tossed in the air by four other cheerleaders on the ground .
woman is showing a large star of david to young students .
a little girl in a pink shirt takes a swing at a t-ball .
two people being photographed from behind sitting on a bus
adult with glasses feeding a newborn kitten with a tiny bottle .
a surfer going through a wave .
dirt bikers traverse a series of jumps .
a skydiver flies through the air near a tall building .
"these four men , two shirtless , are shoveling sand ."
a sports team is lined up outside .
several people are riding bikes with people in stands watching .
"a dog in a  "" superman ""  shirt sleeps on a blanket ."
a woman in a one piece bathing suit splashing in the water .
an older man sits and several people stand .
"two young boys sitting beside a fresh fruit stand , at a farmers market ."
"3 boats in the water , person in middle boat wearing a purple shirt ."
a woman in a black tank top and a man in an orange shirt sit their backs to the camera .
a man playing a bass on stage .
a lone bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a graffitied concrete ramp .
a bulldozer on a beach with no water .
a large brown dog sits next to a small white dog in a field of long grass .
the canadian biker sponsored by h&amp;r block rides by .
a woman is riding her bike in a bike race .
a man holds up a contestant in a bicycle race .
three children are wearing face paint and smiling .
a child paints with different colors using brushes .
the man is performing a trick high in the air with a bicycle .
man in red jacket climbing ice face .
three women in saris dance near a large flag .
two people playing with a frisbee .
four boys are outside at a playground with a green and yellow ball .
the three field hockey players are all chasing the ball .
boy jumping off skateboard as it goes down the stairs .
a little girl painting the sidwalk white .
four men are looking at the motor of their boat in the river .
a baseball is being thrown at a volleyball net .
a girl is performing while dressed in a green and white striped sari .
the gymnast is wearing a red outfit and jumping .
"a man wearing glasses , a white shirt and tie , and slacks stands by a bed that has white pillows on it ."
two young men are posing for the camera .
two kids and a man are walking by a poorly put together shack .
men play baseball .
"a woman in red , white and blue racing attire riding a bicycle ."
a cyclist is getting ready to start his indoor race .
a woman in a furry hat and black overcoat putting on her left shoe .
a couple stands close at the water 's  edge .
a man wearing a light blue sweatshirt is sitting at a table in front of a budweiser bottle .
these (7) ladies received an award and some presented with flowers with one man at-ease .
teen athletes are resting on a bench after their run .
the bike racers are racing
a man is trying out a display piece of exercise bike equipment .
young cyclists prepare for a race .
six competitive cyclists wait for the race to begin at the starting line .
a group of cyclists are racing in a velodrome .
"a boy does gymnastics in the grass by the blue play tunnel , as two boys stand on the patio of a ranch-style house ."
kids playing ball in the park .
two horses look over a fence at a child wearing a red sweatshirt .
a group of people gather on a gravel road near a car .
a young man is jumping over a long pole at a skate park .
a person wipes out in the water .
a group of students smiling in front of a camera .
a tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond .
a boy swings on a swing set .
two people are playing golf on a golf course .
the girl in the pink top is riding a skateboard along a white wall .
a dog is jumping through a red hoop
there are groups of people in green or purple shirts gathered outside holding signs and purple balloons .
a woman is purchasing items from the man in the red shirt 's  yard sale .
"two women , one with a camera , reach out and touch a mirrored ball ."
a man in a straw hat and overalls is with a friend outdoors .
a smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first .
"young couple wearing formal wear , slow dancing on the dance floor ."
"the bride in the white dress is surrounded by the groomsmen and bridesmaids , all in black ."
a young couple in wedding outfits poses for a picture .
a little league football game is underway in a suburban neighborhood .
a man and a woman in wedding clothes look out toward the water .
a man plays a guitar while sitting on bleachers in front of a lake .
two boys sitting and eating ice cream .
a black dog running in shallow water on a beach .
the elaborate jesus shrine is being carried in a parade .
men in blue carrying something on their shoulders followed by a band .
a white woman holding a panasonic video camera in a park .
a surfer wearing a black and green wetsuit riding a wave .
the skateboarder is riding the ramp next to the very big painting .
a skateboarder is performing stunt on a graffiti covered skateboard ramp .
a girl is kneeling on a swing at the park .
a mountain biker is jumping his bike over a tree stump in the woods .
four bridesmaids posing dramatically with the groom .
one young girl dressed in red polka dot outfit plays with toy .
a woman walks four dogs .
a girl with freckles and metal earrings enjoys a cherry indoors .
a man windsurfs in a wetsuit .
two women sitting back to back outise an office area .
a person playing cricket in an all green outfit
a brunette flight attendant in a red uniform is pushing a meal cart on the airplane .
a dog with a yellow toy is being chased by another dog
a black dog walks on the beach near the rocks .
a red truck is driving over a rocky surface .
an african american woman walks down the street while talking on a cellphone holding a black purse .
a man finishing up some floor work with a brush .
an asian young woman wearing a white shirt and black pants is holding a pink purse .
a young boy plays on a swing .
a large yellow dog and a small white dog in the grass .
a man stands on a ladder propped up against a brick building .
a woman and a baby take a nap in the sand .
texas baseball player catches the ball on base while the opponent slides .
a man on a boat getting ready to pull in his net to see what he caught .
a team of four judges rates a competition .
"a man wearing black , speaks into a microphone , while a woman writes ."
four people are sitting at a table in front of an audience .
an explorer in an ice cave stands above a large sheet of dark blue ice .
three cowboys grabbing a bull by the horns and wrestling it .
two men in black suits are walking towards a business office .
someone bent a bit in the middle of a large building .
a man in a white shirt and a black baseball cap reaching up to a sign on a brick wall .
a man in a blue shirt is riding his bike on a paved road .
a blond girl and brunette brown hanging by gymnastic ropes
a fisherman in a hat gathering his nets in murky water near the shore .
"a group of people walking in the same direction include two women , one of whom is wearing sunglasses and shorts ."
a young man wearing a checkered shirt at a young bull fight .
a girl is jumping off a high dive in an urban setting .
asian women at a party are talking by the wall .
this rooftop skateboarder flies high doing a trick to impress his friend .
a 5-person band is performing on a stage inside a tent .
a young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear .
a man is walking outside with two dogs .
"women in a green dress with a purple hula hoop around her , a large crowd of people behind her ."
a man in a red coat is snowblowing a parking lot .
a small asian boy wearing a black and blue t-shirt is standing on a white staircase .
a group of men play instruments on a stage .
"a woman on her cellphone , and a man laying next to her on his cellphone as well ."
people in pirate outfits are playing in a band .
a child wearing a helmet riding a mountain bike very fast through a forest .
man on top of a partially completed roof getting ready to lay down more shingles .
a brown and black dog watches over a heard of animals .
a large group posing for a photo on a lawn .
the woman is walking with her children all holding ice cream cones .
skateboarder in a red shirt grinding along the edge of a concrete ramp .
two girls are playing softball and one is sliding to the home plate .
a group of individuals chatting at a bar .
construction workers balance on a narrow beam far above the ground .
a boy throws leaves into the air .
"black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass ."
the skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp .
several people watching as a skateboarder leaps down a flight of stairs .
a dog jumps of a surfboard
a boy stands in the middle the road and kicks a red ball .
young girl in pink hat taking pictures .
they are playing with a soccer ball on the beach .
two men are playing in a sports game together .
a man in uniform wears a helmet with chin strap and red top .
the brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters .
a pug dog is standing up on two legs looking over a stone wall .
a man rides a bike in the woods .
a white and brown dog is playing in the dirt with a toy .
people in ghostbusters outfits stand on a sidewalk .
females are painting a large grid painting of africa and other parts of the world .
two dogs play in shallow water .
three vietnamese women paddle their boats along the river market in the morning .
a pair of boots are worn by a woman wearing orange tights .
a raft is being paddled through a white water river .
a man and a woman looking over a railing .
"guys drinking in a crowded pub , just chatting and having a beer ."
"a woman playing mini-golf , putting a blue ball out of the water ."
a small child in a blue jacket is using his yellow pale to water a plant .
a woman retrieving balls from a miniature golf hole .
a boy with a red shirt waves his arms in the air as he looks at another person .
a guy jumps off of rocks into the water .
two little orange and white dogs are in the snow .
a blue building has smoke pouring out while a firetruck sits in front of it .
a person wearing a red jacket holds a beer while a man in a white shirt follows .
a woman with a black and white sweater standing on a walkway .
a man in a blue shirt riding a bicycle through a park .
"a group of people dressed well , outside of 2 cars"
five military personnel in blue pants with brass instruments .
they are practicing for the band for the parade .
a child in a helmet plays on a skateboard by a playground .
a little girl blows out the candles on her cake .
a family and a man in military clothing look at a cake .
six people are walking up a blue ramp
a woman riding a horse in a show jumping competition .
two dogs are running on a beach .
"a blond girl has her mouth open , looking away from the photographer ."
two old guys are sitting on a park bench
a dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers .
a man with sunglasses walking in a park .
people sit at tables next to hedges .
a group of women are having makeup applied .
a woman in a white dress sits while another woman blow dries her hair .
boys are throwing a football on the beach .
a man is sleeping on the grass and covered up with a pink blanket .
a boy wearing a blue shirt is standing in front of farm equipment .
a naked girl covered in painted flower designs riding a bicycle .
a couple dressed in formal wear is kissing by a lake .
a group of people are standing outside near a green tent .
three preppy men stand around a formal dinner table outside .
two white dogs are splashing around in white waves .
a man showing a book at the u.s. army yongsan library .
a woman showing a children 's  book who seems to be upset by the content .
a lady reading a story book .
two little kids are decorating cupcakes with tubes of frosting .
women are sitting around a room having a lively conversation .
the woman is training her dog to jump through hoops using training equipment .
a man in a building playing a horn .
a black dog swims in a large pool .
an elderly woman in a crowd pushing a wheelchair .
a girl with short black hair and a girl with long blond-hair pose while ice skating .
the woman wearing a red bow walks past a bicycle .
a girl drawing a picture with a lady helping her standing behind her .
small puppies in bathtub being given a shower with handheld showerhead
one bird is landing on the shore near many other birds .
a young girl stands on the sand by a shore .
a dog fetching a stick in the water .
a girl in a red shirt is swinging on her stomach .
a child is jumping over a hole in the ground .
a dog bites another dog 's  neck .
a child riding a red and yellow merry-go-round while his feet up in the air .
the little girl in her bathing suit stands near the sprinkers and squeals .
a hiker posing on a cliff high in the mountains .
a man and woman sit in wicker furniture .
a man wearing colorful clothing and medallions on his head beats a drum while standing next to a small tree .
a mountain biker does a trick on a forest path .
a black dog is running through the snow with something in its mouth .
the two boxers are females .
a woman with long black hair is printing a white pattern on a blue piece of fabric .
two indian women look over fabric .
a brown horse is in a weird pose while galloping outside .
an old man with a beige hat playing on his black accordion .
a boy is about to jump into the water .
"people gathered along roadside holding flag 's  colored red , green and white ."
a bicyclist performing a trick over a heavily graffitied wall .
young girl brushing a horse with a handheld mane brush .
two girls are sitting in front of a statue .
the airplane is billowing smoke and looks like it may crash .
a shirtless man is cooking on an outdoor grill .
a man in a blue shirt cleaning windows from a harness .
skateboarders are doing tricks on a staircase next to mirror buildings .
a boy in a striped oxford shirt points .
a young girl dumps confetti onto a woman 's  head as she smiles .
a man jumps in the air in the middle of a road .
a little boy in a blue shirt and kaki shorts is playing on a playground .
two girls are in a school hallway .
a person in a black tank top is playing the french horn with other people .
a young girl holding two hiking poles is standing on a rock in a creek .
ballet class performance with teacher nearby helping them remember their moves on stage .
two men dressed up walk along the street while another man stares at them .
a man jumping that is in midair doing a split in front of a beautiful building in the background .
two young children shovel snow outside an apartment complex .
young man with upturned hair posing with young man with sunglasses and woman with glasses
a black dog jumping over a hurdle .
a cyclist airborne having jumped his bike off a graffiti covered ramp .
three men eating food on a couch .
a group of people sitting in a pink room with candles .
a man standing on a ladder talking to another man who is hanging out of a window .
a man and a woman on stage performing a dance .
a person skateboarding at a skate park .
several young people riding on a big yellow fair ride
several elderly men sit on a bench in park .
a young girl making a pattern to design clothes .
a group of people is outside taking a source .
small asian girl and boy running towards the camera in the opposite direction of the other people .
a man is holding a microphone wearing white pants .
a man is pole vaulting in front of a white building .
a man in black is singing into a microphone .
"a young girl is fishing with some elderly people , possibly her grandparents ."
this person is doing a trick on his bicycle .
an adult women and a little girl sit by water in the woods .
a man with a vest and tie on performing in front of a crowd .
a girl wearing a pink hat and gray pants climbing a chain link fence .
a brown dog lies on its back fighting with a brown and white dog .
there is a man pitching a baseball and has a glove his left hand .
an asian family sits down for a snack
a boy in a red shirt is fishing with three of his friend on a bridge .
a small tan dog herding some sheep
a young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand .
a dancer poses in an empty room .
a chubby baby with an orange hat splashes in a shallow body of water .
a man holds a small child 's  hand as they wade in a shallow river .
a small boy is playing a racing arcade game .
"an eclectic group performs their concert , complete with hooded robes ."
"a man , wearing all black clothing , is running down the street as a car comes toward him with its headlights on ."
two females jump off of swings .
a picture of a walkway formed by two rows of columns .
the crowd of people is standing outside near a fire pit .
"there is a crowd of people of men , women and children ."
a girl sits on a swing ride .
a man in a white uniform rides a motocross bike down a forest trail .
the person is going into the water .
tourists enjoy a traditional boat ride in long paddle boat .
a young boy reaches for and touches the propeller of a vintage aircraft .
"a man and woman walking down a sidewalk , table with umbrella set up in the background ."
a woman is jumping on a dock by the waterside .
a tennis player is trying to hit the ball .
two children are playing with baby dolls while adults watch them .
a person does a trick with a skateboard .
the man in the green shirt is looking up .
a group of people are out on watercraft in the middle of the ocean .
a festival where music is being played and people are congregating .
many people sitting at the bar with drinks in front of them .
handicapped woman standing in front of a tartuffe poster .
a young man in a yellow shirt flies off his surfboard into a wave .
a few couples sitting on beanches next to a pool
a man is using his finger to draw something on the sand next to a kid .
a person carving a hawk out of a tree trunk with a chainsaw .
the man in the plaid shorts is building a large sand sculpture while two other men buried in sand are looking on from beneath a blue umbrella .
a young woman performing a traditional dance .
a little girl plays in a ball pit while her family looks on .
a woman brushing her hair in the bathroom .
a girl taking a picture with her cellphone of a large group of people .
people getting on and off and orange bus .
a mother and kids are admiring a huge soft figure of a pig .
a guy in red on a bike in midair .
a fit woman in red running briefs begins to run on a track .
a man in a blue shirt at a restaurant .
people walk in the street where a barricade has been set up .
kid doing tricks on a skateboard
a man watches a child walk down the street beside the railroad tracks .
members of a marching band and dancers in yellow-fringed outfits perform on a sports field .
"a band member in a black , white and red uniform holds his silver horn ."
a young man parasailing in midair over the ocean
an older man walking in the street looking at merchandise .
a young girl in a pink dress dances as a woman blows bubbles .
a person in a yellow helmet on a blue motorcycle is doing tricks .
a street with many vendors selling products including melon .
a woman is waiting for a train at an empty train station .
a group of young adults are taking showers outdoors .
the man is laying in the field reading a book .
two people standing in front of a waterfall scenery .
"three people are playing in a snowy landscape , one is holding a large snowball ready to drop it on the others ."
a marching band line stands and waits in full uniform .
a crowd of people browsing at an open air market on a sunny day .
there is a couple walking through a farmer 's  market .
a little girl in a pink shirt kicks a blue ball .
people with black balloons on them climbing dirt hill
two young girls are arm wrestling in their hotel room while another girl watches .
a girl is jumping on the bed .
"man with an orange shirt is grinding on stone , he is not wearing shoes ."
an indian man working on a stone wall .
a dog stands on the beach with a large rock behind him .
two children wearing denim walk on a runway .
a young woman dresses flamboyantly for some kind of festival involving a lot of color .
a law enforcement official has a suspect seated on the ground in his custody .
three girls are dancing in a large room .
two women participate in a martial arts match .
kids jump their bikes off of dirt ramps near a waterfront .
a closeup of two women standing together .
a man in a white shirt and tie points to an image in a children 's  book while a small girl watches .
a child pours syrup on a spinning device
a child in a flower print dress is in a field of flowers .
a man in skateboarding in an empty swimming pool .
woman with not a whole lot of clothes on playing on phone
a young girl in a playground is pulling the string on a pink yo-yo .
a boy wearing a transformers t-shirt is standing with his hands stretched out .
a man and a woman kiss .
a woman rides a bike on a trail through a field .
a tan dog rolls in the grass .
the woman wearing a black and white jacket and red boots is also wearing headphones .
a group of friends having diner together .
the man is standing next to a yellow building with a blue window .
a woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
one person performing a show in front of a large audience sitting on the lawn
two girls giving a large dog a bath
a young boy wearing blue pajamas and yellow glasses leaping into the air .
a child in blue with glasses .
"two black belts sparring , one kicking the other in the face ."
a disk jockey holds a picture of michael jackson .
"a city street , outside of a clothing store , with several passersby ."
a young boy jumps off a swing set .
a girl with a boy standing behind her is stepping into a swimming pool
three dogs run through a manicured lawn .
"a woman is working a laboratory , examining something in a petri dish under a microscope ."
a boy on a skateboard in midair
two women and child eat ice cream cones on bridge decorated with flowers .
"kicking up sand , a beach volleyball player jumps for the ball ."
a bearded man at a fair wearing a black tank top and a plaid hat .
a woman with dark hair is wearing a green sweater .
three children in winter clothing using a telescope outdoors .
"the connah store where they sell tobacco , candy , magazines , and coffee ."
an elderly gentleman s having his right eye diagnosed by a medical professional .
a young girl with blond-hair holding onto a rail
woman kicking head of another kickboxer
man wearing boys will do boys shirt waves at camera during gay pride parade
a dog jumps and runs through the forest and snow-covered ground .
the dog is swimming across the water .
a woman with long dark hair washes her dishes along side a dirty pool of water .
a boston baseball player at bat
"a girl leans on a kitchen counter laughing , with the waistband of her pants at crotch level ."
a muscular black man dancing in short shorts .
a street performer with a guitar is playing music and requesting tips .
horses with jockeys participate in a race .
a man wearing a suit and eyeglasses is walking on a sidewalk .
the young lady walks down the street on a beautiful day .
"two baseball players on a field , with four spectators , and a crowd ."
two puppies playing with a plastic bag .
two small children are smiling and one is pointing while holding something red .
a woman following through on a tennis hit .
a person is dressed in a black vest and hat with lots of flowers attached .
a little girl is peaking out from behind a tree .
a young man in a gray sweater is looking downtown .
a brown spotted dog walks in shallow water .
a bride and her bridesmaids are lined up outside looking at a man coming dressed in a dark suit .
a young man wearing a purple shirt does the limbo in a gymnasium .
a man dressed as a woman wearing face paint sitting next to another man .
the two children watch the small yellow dog on the tree .
"a man is holding a shopping basket standing in front of a sign at the fish department that says  "" fishmonger "" "
there is a grown duck and several baby ducks .
a person is swimming underwater in a pool .
a person in a canoe is rafting in wild waters .
two people are riding dirt bikes on a sunny day in a forested area .
there are many people outside of a large building .
a young man with gold short shorts and a black top is walking in a parade .
people are waving from a bus covered in rainbow flags .
a child carrying something in their shirt walks in the rain on the street .
man dresses up in hawaiian garb at a local parade .
a man with no shirt is standing in a parade wearing a plastic flower necklace .
a man is shirtless and is covered in red marks .
a person with pink hair and tattoos on their upper and lower back .
two old men talking on a bench .
a man sitting in sand holding a small statue carved of wood .
a human figure in a nature-like costume standing as the center of attention at a party .
a woman in a red shirt and multicolored hat does dishes in the sink .
a dog gets sprayed by a hose .
a boy in a yellow shirt and blue jeans jumps over exercise pylons while two boys dressed in soccer uniforms look on .
two girls are sitting outside steps talking .
a little boy in a red t-shirt jumps off of a blue slide at a playground .
"this child is holding red , white , and blue balloons"
a dj is spinning records at a club full of people .
two kids running past a dinosaur in the woods .
"three people , two men and one woman , are riding bicycles in a parade ."
several uniformed men carrying flags and guns are leading a parade contingent along a small town street .
a long-haired woman with sunglasses is dancing with two other people in a parade .
a man in uniform waves and smiles at camera
"people are dressed in purple , blue , green , yellow , orange and red costumes for a parade ."
six people play xylophones in a darkened room .
"a concert band displays patriotism and talent , through dress , as well as their music ."
"this gentleman is performing his  "" one man ""  show ."
a man in a white shirt carries a drum as he talks to two other men .
a woman is holding out a peace sign during a parade .
a few people with a girl standing up in the center wearing a green dress
a group of children are admiring pictures lying in the sand .
a woman in a white halter dressing standing at a counter with bowls of food looking off into another room .
a man is jumping over a water fountain .
a man and little girl in a pink life vest and red flotation device swimming .
a man playing with a small child in a pool .
a man with glasses and a green shirt is sitting to a desk .
a man dives into a swimming pool at the hotel .
an asian woman is running on a rocky path .
a woman nears a cliff 's  edge .
a man with green glasses does a trick on his skateboard .
a female runner in a race
guy with his shirt off has part of his calvin klein underwear showing and he is walking next to guy in white shirt and black skirt and black leggings .
"a person riding a bike , doing a very high jump ."
a young child playing on the floor with letters made out of quilted fabric .
a person jumping off a dock into water .
a female police officer stands next to a woman dressed as the joker in batman .
two people walks across a field of snow .
"two people are fighting each other in some type of karate , both are wearing the typical white outfit with black belts ."
bill cunningham on the streets of nyc .
a juggler and a boy in a top hat with a sword stand in front of a crowd .
a dark-haired man and a little boy use screwdrivers to work on screen door .
a kid doing tricks on a skateboard on a bridge
a man participates in a bmx race .
three people are walking past a selection of warning cones on a sidewalk .
bearded man in gray and red shirt pulling a rope .
"a man wearing white , including shin guards , swings the bat in a cricket game ."
a group of three dogs are walking through the snow .
a group of people helping each other to take down a white canvas .
a man in white stands in front of a barbecue .
"a girl with brown , curly hair is using a blue mobile device inside a room ."
a father and daughter throwing rocks into a small stream .
"a man and a young boy are outside , taking a break from riding a bike ."
person playing piano that has mermaid painting on the side
an airplane is flying over the mountain trying to extinguish a fire .
two people are dragging a yellow raft into a river .
a group of people in green shirts push a cannon in a parade .
a skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air .
a group of five boys are sitting on rocks near a waterfall .
young adults gather near a bright light .
a young girl with short hair is weaving on a loom .
a woman in an orange shirt is weaving .
a sideshow barker on a small stage on the sidewalk trying to call in customers .
a blond woman with a red backpack in the snow .
two people sitting on benches and looking at each other .
a man riding on a red bicycle .
the people in white and maroon clothes are in a wooden building .
a man in sunglasses uses a large metal grill .
a group of children are waving a large cloth up and down .
"while several people walk behind them , a man and woman are drawing on the sidewalk ."
two girls collide during a fast paced game of capture the flag in a park .
"a chubby , redheaded child swings a bat at a ball on a tee ."
a man wearing a red shirt is walking past a bicycle .
the drummer beats the drums at an outdoor concert .
a woman with a hat is leading a small dog through an obstacle course .
two guys playing ball and making faces .
a woman getting a styling cut from a female hair stylist .
two similar brown dogs share holding a white toy while swimming .
a young girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy .
"little girl in yellow shirt , holds a white hat as she sits on a blanket near a tree ."
dog leaps high for yellow ball as another dog waits below on grass .
man doing a flip into the water where a lady waits .
a bicyclist wearing a helment riding down a steep ramp
man with dark hair and beard eating a crunchy food item drinking coffee .
a man wearing inline skates is skating down a cement wall
a boy making a face while sitting in his car seat
two girls are kicking each other in martial arts uniforms .
a man holding a bag walking down a long staircase .
a group of college students gathers to play texas hold em poker .
"a man crouching down , attempting to use a machine of some sort ."
a small tan dog runs through the snow .
a woman and two children stand in front of plants .
two children and a man are looking at the grass beside a lake .
a boy holds a red umbrella in a muddy yard .
a young male in a blue shirt walk past a white truck at a construction site .
a man in jeans looking in the back of his truck for something .
a group of people look on as a man points to a whiteboard .
a blond little boy is standing by a fence .
a man is walking inside of a large yellow and blue hot air balloon on the ground .
"near snowflake sign , man sits while another stands wearing badge and headphones ."
a person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background .
a man with a guitar is speaking into a microphone .
a crowd stands on a over water bridge with city buildings in the background .
"a bald , shirtless man rock climbing ."
a man is standing on a roof drying cloths on top of several cement houses .
man and boy wearing life jacket in water posing for a picture
a man is taking a picture of a bicyclist performing a trick in the air .
"a bird takes off , surrounded by large rocks"
two females are sitting working on an artistic rug .
a child kicks the air outside at a sporting event .
the white crane is searching for food in a pond .
a boy is posing with a metal ladle in each hand .
two children in jackets walking down a dirt road carrying flowers .
a boat floats in the water .
three people are pulling a rope on a hillside .
group of mothers and young women walking with their children .
a male tennis player jumps in the air as he prepares to return the ball .
a little girl is riding her bike on a dirt trail .
a group of children on a sidewalk by two clear pitchers .
the man in the room is wearing a robe .
a man jumps of the handrail of an outdoor staircase .
a woman with a colorful scarf is walking outside .
two women sitting on a wood bench along a waterfront edge .
person doing a trick bike move in a skatepark .
a lady wearing red glasses and a floral shirt speaks to passengers in a bus .
a boy sticks an aligator puppet out of a camper van window .
a man and a woman sit back-to-back on a bench outside a storefront .
a man is walking by brenmark tools &amp; fasteners .
an older man in a gray shirt standing by a building that has meat hanging out to dry .
a family sits at a park while birds fly around .
the dog runs next to the crashing waves of the ocean .
a man in a cowboy hat is riding a horse around a barrel .
three men are working outside in the sun .
a woman in a black shirt sings on stage .
men race their bikes on a road .
two gentlemen in tuxes play the keyboard and guitar .
a baby and 2 year old laying on the ground under a play mobile .
a girl wearing colored striped pants brushing her teeth next to a white couch .
"in a ufc match , one fighter has the other one down on the canvas and is about to hit him with his left hand ."
someone riding a snowmobile pops a wheelie .
a balding man wearing blue is riding a unicycle on a paved road .
a musician and a lady with brown hair are about to sing .
a man with the face paint of a clown holds a ukulele and harmonica .
a man and woman laughing while they hold an award .
"the man is making a throwing motion , while standing on the shore ."
two boxers punch each other in the face at the same time .
a woman is running with a dog in a grassy field with trees in the background .
a group of people traveling in a small wooden boat .
"there is a woman holding a baby , along with a man with a save the children bag ."
a boy is sitting on a boat with two flags .
a young child playing video games on a nintendo ds .
a man wearing a brown jacket holds up a yellow object .
the man with the eccentric clothing and hair poses in a store .
"a group of children in the ride called  "" frog hopper ""  ."
"a group of four friends , on of which is shirtless , jump with joy in front of a pier ."
a guy is driving a go-cart on the streets .
a man pops a wheelie on a bike on a rocky beach .
man sleeping in a chair on a sidewalk in new york city .
a man skateboarding at a skateboarding park which is covered in graffiti .
many people sit in a mexican restaurant .
people walking through a garden in the middle of a city .
a young woman singing and playing guitar in a performance .
"a group of people riding camels with red seat covers along a sandy shore , and three people are on foot ."
a girl in a pink coat throws leaves in the air .
a group of five workers are gathered around bushes next to a mcdonald 's  sign .
a woman on a surfboard rides a wave
two men are sitting on a bench looking at a water fountain
a skateboarder in black clothes jumps over a bench .
"a dock over water with a palm tree at the end and five boats , during twilight ."
a black dog leaping over a hurdle .
a girl and a woman walk through a street and are about to pass a telephone booth .
a man plays the bagpipes .
a black dog jumping in water in the woods .
"this boy , wearing a red shirt and blue shorts , is running ."
a man in a blue shirt plays a unique instrument that splashes water .
a woman is cooking in a home kitchen .
a little boy wearing a hat and sandals sits on the grass .
a cyclist does a flip in the air .
a little boy is going down a blue and red slip and slide .
a young girl jumping through the air on a playground .
two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow .
black dog with red collar splashing in water
"a man in a blue t-shirt , sitting on a bed staring at something in wonderment"
a child is holding an apple in his mouth
"a man and a woman are sitting , while working on the wheel of a blue vehicle ."
a group of african american girls are sitting together .
"lone red team player breaks through two black team players , to hit the ball"
the lady solicits her restaurants 's  products on the street .
a man using a wheelchair is talking in a field to a couple women .
a man sitting at a table works on a computer .
a man in a dark hat and glasses is reaching into a bowl on a table filled with various bowls .
a man holding a baby is sitting on a rock outside .
"a man in an orange hard hat and orange protective clothing is suspended from a building , cleaning a part of the building ."
a worker hangs off of a tall building overlooking traffic below .
a man wearing an orange shirt and helmet is suspended in the air .
"baby in a bubble bath , held by a woman in a blue shirt ."
a man in orange is hanging by a cable doing some work on a building .
two people eating at a restaurant .
a man and a woman are admiring a bright red motorcycle parked outside a restaurant
a young kid riding a dirt bike on a track .
two adults and two boys posing with mountains and a lake in the background
a corgi is walking down a path in a forest .
shoppers purchase produce from a busy grocery store in asia .
a girl is being splashed by an ocean wave .
a woman standing with her back toward the viewer has a plush toy in her hood .
a man teaching his toddler how to fix the chain on a bicycle .
two young boys and a girl are rough-housing on a lawn covered with dry leaves .
a dog treads through dark green water .
a man squatting and spray painting an eye and an apple wearing rubber gloves .
a bunch of people in camo pants run .
"there are young men playing a game of football , one man has been tackled by another player ."
brown and white dog jumps over purple and white bar .
a group of people gathered around a mural in an urban area
a store clerk is waiting for some customers .
a bearded man and a bald man carrying prizes at a carnival .
a boy in a blue shirt on a computer .
black dog near a dock looks into murky water
a woman and a horse are jumping over a miniature building .
a woman in a blue tank top eats a chili cheese hotdog .
a man is unpacking a cooler filled with food .
a woman in a blue tank top is sitting at a table .
a young man looking at a stick .
a young girl in a blue shirt with blue jean shorts is grasping the top of a white cinder block wall .
a woman sitting at a table wearing a black shirt .
a man with a yellow shirt and black hat is on a path in the wilderness .
a man crouches on the sidewalk next to a little girl .
a little boy smiles as he holds a blue umbrella above him .
a woman travels by a large octopus sand sculpture on the beach .
two females are standing next to each other and appear to be unexcited .
a girl is sitting on a rock next to a waterfall .
two children wearing shorts climb on top of a jungle gym .
a family visits a forest as tourists .
a man with a backpack over his shoulders is walking through a forest .
a group of people walking on a trail .
a shirtless tattooed man is working on a scaffold outside of a window .
a boy on a deck with a red bucket on his head .
a white bird is flying off the water surface .
three women wearing traditional apparel make the final touches on their clothing .
"three men in suits are standing in front of signs that say ford , auto alliance and mazda ."
an asian looking man smiles as he is getting ready to hit a billiard ball .
a young lady wearing a red shirt moving in her wheelchair .
several women dancing and jumping around .
a group of people enjoying dancing in a room .
a girl in a wheelchair with a red and white shirt has red dots all over her face .
a man wearing a red jacket and knee high boots is fly fishing .
a mom and daughter are sharing ice cream .
a person in a gray jacket with a black messenger back looks over the nearby river and bridge .
two kids are swinging on a playground .
the rugby players in red are wrestling the player in yellow to the ground .
a man in a black shirt sits next to a woman playing the guitar .
"a group of people are standing under a structure , smiling and dancing ."
a distorted photo of a playing dog in a flower field
a man is skating down a set of stairs .
several deer jump a fence into an open field .
a person wearing a helmet begins to fall from a silver scooter .
there is a woman with a green scarf around her head .
a man in a red shirt is looking in his back pocket
three adults enjoying food around a grill .
two men are sitting down and reading next to a table with food on it .
a group of people looking at menus in a white restaurant .
the white pelican is flying over the ocean .
bearded white man puts on a green outfit .
a young person diving to make a catch during a game of ultimate frisbee .
someone is purple is carrying a screen made from wood and mesh .
women on the beach returning to their car after long day
boy in midair on bicycle
a crowd of people are standing on a wet sidewalk in front of a construction sign .
one little girl in a yellow shirt carrying a basket of flowers .
"two medical professionals are assisting a small , elderly lady in a wheelchair , while another lady watches ."
a woman in a blue shirt is speaking to a group of children .
the woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children surrounding her .
a woman standing next to a washing machine holding a large polka dot sheet .
a little girl in a blue helmet is petting a horse .
a man is making his car ready for race .
two men in white shirts standing under what appears to be a large black umbrella .
a dad and his son are playing with some legos in the child 's  bedroom .
a young woman is taking care of the person 's  feet .
an elderly woman gets her blood pressure checked .
two women with their arms around each other smile .
a woman and three men are posing for a photo
several trucks stopped outside for some type of outdoor event .
two males are sitting in back of a pick up truck .
a woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl .
a man services a red and white hot rod dragster car .
race team in black t-shirt service their red and white car .
an old fashioned car is coming down the street .
a man with a tattoo wearing a sleeveless tailcoat is balancing a unicycle on his chin in front of a building .
a pit crew is getting a vehicle ready for the race .
a group of men stand around a red and white funny car at the drag races .
a team stands around their dragster .
a man in sunglasses sits in a race car with an exposed engine .
red boat marked graham races across water .
a race car speeds away while a man covers his ears .
a nice red and white car is being tended to at a racetrack .
a white male with a black hat and blue shirt sitting on a fence playing a guitar
an indian group are praying on a deck by water .
a guy playing a violin on the street and four women are listening to him
a man wearing pants plays a guitar while on stage .
a medium shot of a crowd protesting to bring the troops home .
a woman in great shape is pole-vaulting over a bar .
"two men cook together with a metal bowl , near a hanging plant ."
a man lying on the grass next to a small lake .
"greyhound dogs race on the track , with #8 leading the way ."
the man rides his bicycle up the brick wall .
a group of young boys on opposing teams are playing soccer .
two young boys in bathing suits walk
a surfer catching a large wave in the ocean .
a woman plays a violin outdoors .
a small brown and white dog is playing with the sprinkler in the grass .
a young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground .
a group of young people enjoy a fair ride .
several old fashioned cars are parked together .
a man and a woman walk past a red car with a silver hood ornament
people sing with large maroon books .
a tan and black dog jumps through a water sprinkler in the yard .
a crowd of people at a show .
a large group of young adults are crammed into an area for entertainment .
two people dressed in karate outfits are fighting .
five young men on three rafts float in a body of water .
kites attached to wheeled devices in a field
there are many men racing on their bicycles .
woman and man sit next to their green truck .
a baseball player dodges a ball with his bat high in the air .
a black dog trying to mate with a brown dog
a man wearing glasses and a blazer stands in front of a billboard sign .
a woman walking on a sidewalk getting ready to cross the street .
a woman in a white shirt is standing by a gwan multipurpose centre sign .
an elderly woman is crying while sitting in a window .
a woman wearing a colorful shawl on her head is using a sewing machine .
four dogs are playing and jumping in the air outside .
the man in the bright colored shirt is balancing a knife on his arm .
man raising young boy into the clear blue sky .
look guys it 's  going to be a long row home so all of us have to get ready and i do mean all of us .
a woman is laying out papers on a table .
a man with long hair is playing an acoustic guitar .
a man is standing beside his stand waiting .
the man is sitting down while enjoying his beer .
two martial artists compete in a match .
a woman in a black dress holding sunglasses .
a man is posed standing on one hand on a skateboard ramp .
two woman stand near a door .
an adult and child are walking past a contemporary-style building .
a little girl looks at a birthday cake while a man holds a baby .
an asian man grills meat .
an asian woman is brushing her teeth in front of a mirror .
"a scuba diver poses for the camera while underwater , holding a large light ."
a woman wearing a blue hat and blue shirt with a yellow skirt is painting a picture .
a bicycler balances his bike on a rail .
a woman sits and reads in the stoop of a wooden door .
someone in astronaut gear is being submerged underwater .
the little girl in the yellow hat is buried up to her waist in the sand on the beach .
a woman laughing as her husband has his arm around her .
a man in silver car talking on cellphone and another man standing on sidewalk .
four people standing on a boat on the lake .
"a man , woman , and another man are walking through a grassy field ."
a man wearing a blue shirt is holding his arm out towards a shark .
a little girl rides a toy bike and laughs .
a group of people are entering a sports stadium .
a pitcher wearing a red shirt and white pants is standing on the mound .
a pitcher stands on the mound .
"lead singer of the band  "" green day ""  , billy joe , sings a song on stage with a young boy in the background ."
four people standing on a raft sailing away on the water .
a line of people are leaving the sidewalk and entering a yellow school bus .
top of the stands looking down at the baseball stadium .
"a man in a red cap , yellow shirt , and black shorts looks down on a stadium ."
an entertainer is making balloon animals for children .
a woman wearing sunglasses is listening to a walkman and smoking a cigarette .
a woman and child sitting in a big tree with large branches .
a small child looking at a cactus garden .
"orange dog looks over shoulder , near posts in rural area ."
"a woman with a red scarf , white shirt , and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of books ."
man in a hat is enthusiastically playing the fiddle on a sidewalk
"a baby in a baby seat wearing a red beanie that says  "" love ""  ."
a picture of a sidewalk between a road and buildings .
a woman is eating at a table as people walk by .
"children in flamboyant red , white , and gold costumes dancing in a parade ."
"two little girls , one on the floor , and one on the top bunk , are showing off their princess castle bunk bed ."
"3 dark-skinned males , two shirtless , are on a grassy area with trees scattered around them ."
"crowd of sightseers gathered on a dock with the ship  "" evergreen ""  in the background ."
a tribe warrior dressed with culture attire .
a young boy wearing a dark blue hat sleeps on a bench at a terminal .
large commercial brick building with construction workers and a heavy equipment .
an older man with a long white beard and wearing mud boots is digging up mud for a garden .
a woman competes in an equestrian competition atop a white horse .
group of children playing pin the tail on the donkey at a relay .
"a little boy at camp , in a blue shirt , throwing a football ."
"a man outside in a chef 's  tunic is unpacking small , green vegetables ."
two men stand in an electric outdoor lift .
five men in black and yellow clothing staring up and a woman holding a bike standing behind them .
a man is standing inside a cherry picker .
a man of some native african tribe looking off into the distance .
two men in green and black clothing ride high in a basket crane .
a boy with blue socks and red pants and a shirt with prints on it jumps inside the house .
"a man in black-yellow carnival feathers , playing the drum ."
there are two kids in swimmies playing outside next to some trees .
a man wearing a baseball cap is skateboarding .
two men standing on a rock at the edge of the ocean .
construction workers are busy working while people are walking by .
a girl wearing a blue and pink swimsuit is throwing stones into a lake .
cooks in a pizza parlor check the oven .
"man wearing purple shirt and black pants , holding a camera , standing in a city park ."
a man with a drink cup is talking to another man .
a child in a blur shirt playing in a flower bed .
a child smiles and hangs off a small train .
a man in a black shirt carrying a young child .
a little boy puts a bat on his forehead and spins around .
several men and women are sitting in chairs on someone 's  backyard patio .
two girls drink at a party .
a man in a black shirt and a cast smokes a cigarette .
"a large man at a party , with a drink in his right hand ."
a man smiles for the camera with a beer in hand .
a man stands near a building .
a little girl wearing a pink shirt is sitting at the table and drinking a milkshake
two females are working out on a beach .
two hikers are trekking across a sloping hillside with deep brush in spots .
a boy in a green shirt above something blue .
two old bearded men frown and look off into the distance .
a country crowd at a festival .
two officers in tan standing on the side of a city street .
the child in superman t-shirt is laughing .
a little girl wearing a bathing suit while eating a watermelon in the water .
two women having fun at a party .
a man with a white hard hat is loading branches into a wood chipper .
a group of friends is celebrating at a party .
a woman in a dark shirt holds up a photo cutout at a party .
a man holding a beer smiles with his eyes closed .
"a man and a woman in front of a mirror , she smiles as he kisses her cheek ."
a drunk looking woman is hugging a drunk looking man .
two college boys posing for a picture at a party at night .
a person is working on the machine .
a young person pitches in a baseball game .
people lined up going up stairs single file .
a group of spectators are watching a choir performance .
these people are waiting in line on a staircase .
man in black tux singing his solo part in the performance .
an older woman in a multicolored outfit sitting next to a pile of peanuts .
a person is performing a trick in the air with a dirt bike .
a blond woman and a man in jeans sitting on a bench outside .
a person walks up a white sandy hill against the blue sky .
many young people are sitting and laying on blankets in a field .
a brown fluffy dog lays in the snow with its green ball .
a group of men play hockey .
a woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street .
little kid is taking a bit of something from a puppet .
children playing in water looking at a giant picture of a person 's  face .
a man skies on snow with mountains in the background .
a woman in a pink sweater is singing to a man in a suit .
a man wearing headphones is standing in front of a poster .
girl holding multicolored balloons stands outside in the middle of a crowd .
a group of colorful kayaks paddling through the water
"a blond , male child jumping in the air on a porch in the backyard ."
a man in a red shirt bending over outside an empty building .
three girls doing back flips on the beach .
a blond-haired baby sitting in his chair being fed .
a man with an open shirt and glasses holding a microphone and another man in a bowler hat and plaid suit using a bow on an instrument .
a young child carrying many balloons .
a young boy enjoys the surf as the sun sits low on the horizon .
a man climbing a rock cliff .
two people with bicycles are stopped to try and fix the chain on one of the bikes .
a group of people in a small plaza .
a toddler examines soap suds in his hands while taking a bath .
a construction worker creates a cloud of dust as he works .
a woman with brown hair is putting red polish on her toenail .
a group of people are performing a play .
the front of a very small eatery at night
a young boy feeding celery to a deer behind a fence .
2 women sit in front of their tables selling fish on the beach by the ocean .
a father and son watch a man welding on a statue .
man sitting on a chair in the fields carving a statute supported by a tree trunk .
a little boy is playing on a playground rocking toy .
several men in silver suits are riding bicycles across a street .
an african woman holding a child in a field .
a female waiter is balancing a tray with one hand .
a curly-haired girl captivated by a butterfly .
a girl with pink hair and neon colored clothing is swinging a pink hula hoop around .
a group of people are at an establishment .
a man is behind a cart trying to sell various food items .
"there is a woman throwing daggers at a target , which is a carrot ."
two men and a woman looking at pictures in a tattoo parlor .
a woman in a yellow and black outfit is skiing .
an uniformed man leaned out of a side pilot 's  window of a large american airline aircraft to wash the cockpit 's  window .
two athletic men and two athletic women run through a park .
a photo of spectators watching band members perform on the violin .
two women are swinging on a ride .
a group of women are listening to a presentation given by a woman in a lab coat .
two people sweeping a dirt ground .
"a group of women in long , white skirts tie handkerchiefs to their heads ."
a young child in only his underwear is vacuuming .
"a brunette woman , wearing a tan long-sleeved shirt , puts blush on her cheek bones ."
a group of people drinking and talking
two men are rappelling a building in front of a large group of people .
children filling water guns from a bucket near a swing-set .
four women dressed in white midriff displaying outfits flap a white sheet in the air .
two dancers sit on stage with dramatic lighting .
the boy in the black and red swimsuit is jumping into the water .
five children walk on a sandy beach .
a small child in gray and orange winks their eye while holding silverware .
a black male wearing goggles is carving a stone sculpture .
a young boy splashing in a small blow-up pool with a green slide behind him .
little boy in a playground sitting on swing set
a woman in a black two-piece bathing suit jumping into green water .
a boy at the end of a slip and slide .
"a male wearing blue overalls , and a blue hat , rides a small house drawn carriage ."
a little kid swings on a pole at a playground .
"two old men are playing instruments , one playing the violin and one the accordion ."
fruit and vegetable stand nicely arranged with two men in the back .
a group of people gather in front of a ticket vendor .
"two girls walking , both with a white shirt and blue shorts on ."
small girl playing in a pile of sand with cars and people in the background .
a bearded man wearing a bandanna with skulls on it is holding a camera .
a little girl at a wedding holds a bouquet of orange flowers .
2 kids being held by a mother in a crowd of people
two women behind a net on their cellphones with two men seated on a concrete slab on the opposite side of the net .
a young girl holds flowers in one hand and a basket with a bow in another .
two boys are doing tricks on their skateboards at a skateboard park .
construction workers pass each other on the sidewalk .
the two men are playing chess in the park .
three men and two black dogs .
two construction workers wearing orange hard hats stand on the site of the highway .
teenage dancers perform at a competition .
a little girl in a green bathing suit is getting splashed in a water fountain .
some kind of celebration probably in an african city .
this is time lapse photography featuring a person moving lights around in a pattern in the darkness
three men and one is checking his cellphone .
a band in white hats and gloves plays with a stadium a people in behind them .
two men are adamantly performing martial arts in a garden .
a man in a heavy black coat carries a newspaper past an advertisement for an espresso .
a man looks down from his balcony from a stone building .
young boys dressed as confederate soldiers walking in a parade in the rain .
people walking around in a crowded place .
"a young girl is walking on the road , while wearing a red and white dress and shoes ."
three people dressed in green feather costumes dance in a festive parade .
an older gentleman is selling produce out of the back of his truck as a woman peruses his products .
"two men in suits , one sitting and one standing , are having a discussion as they wait for public transportation ."
four teenagers are sitting on a bench at night .
a group of men enjoy a day of fishing .
"group of are gathered in a room , they are standing next to a wall ."
a young man is jumping his bike at a skate park .
"a girl in a purple dress is sitting on furniture with red pillows , while smiling for the camera ."
a man is carrying a woman over her shoulders on the beach .
two guys setting up some kind of canopy near the waters' edge .
a man with camouflage shorts adjusting a mosquito net .
a man with a beard standing in the water next to a wooden platform .
a woman wearing hat is reading her book .
two men sit on a pontoon boat holding oars and wearing hats .
a woman in a sunhat lays on a large black tube .
a woman in an orange bikini top is massaging a man 's  back .
man in float in the water .
a man is enjoying the sun and open air while sailing on a boat .
a man wearing a green shirt skateboarding down a street .
a man smiles as he sits inside a bathtub in a bathroom .
a man kneels down by a machine .
a white man with a beer sitting on a black balloon in a park .
a man in a black hat kneeling down to cut a piece of wood .
a lady in a hat is standing next to a car with a couch and innertubes on top .
a woman is sitting on a couch reading a book .
a group of boys enjoying a day by down the creek .
"in the warm sun , a rugged , but well-dressed man , has fallen asleep ."
man drags what seems to be a wooden board with a carpet atop of a shallow body of water .
a woman in a white shirt and black bottoms .
one mma fighter slamming the other into the mat during a match .
two men fighting in a mma match .
"the happy , newlywed couple takes a moment to laugh and celebrate before cutting their wedding cake ."
young people standing around smiling .
two young women wearing colorful costumes show off their hula hoop skills at a friendly competition during a local festival .
two men play a game while others watch .
"two people , one wearing a checkered shirt , and one wearing a plain light colored shirt , are running on a balcony ."
a large orange bus is stopped on the street .
a man wearing cutoff jeans and green sneakers sits with one leg crossed across the other one .
a man sleeping on a couch in front of a glass table .
a man is holding a woman in midair while out in the mountains in front of a hang glider .
a man walking in front of a orange and green backdrop .
a man grips a ladder while his feet fly in the air .
three people relax on a lake 's  edge that sits below snowcapped mountain peaks .
a belly dancer wearing a red and gold costume stands with her arms above her head .
a man wearing a red and black robe sitting on a diving board .
a man explodes out of the dark blue waters spraying water up into the air .
a child standing next to a road with automobiles passing by .
three dogs are playing around in the snow .
"three dogs playing in the snow , with a city in the background ."
a man dressed as a clown is trying to force a long balloon into a shape .
two workers in orange shirts are emptying a trash container .
many people all taking pictures with cameras .
woman in red shift and long white socks kneeling on tennis court .
two young men in unusual clothing are jumping in a gym .
a bunch of people sitting outside a building at night .
"a young girl stands in front of a body of water with her hands above her head , smiling ."
a young girl wearing a hat and scarf is climbing up a wooden play set .
three men in combat uniforms are sitting on bricks with a tree in the background .
a yellow dog running along a forest path .
five men in asian inspired garb wrap clothes around their heads while people converse in the background .
a woman on a beach carries a young child into the water
a woman with a pink bikini diving into a pool .
a girl is sliding into a small pool of water .
an explorer is jumping for joy near his snow bicycle at the edge of a large body of water in a area covered with snow .
one evening three young ladies chatting on the street .
a boy sitting in the doorway of a house in a slum .
the dog jumps over the log with a stick in its mouth .
two people in hard hats and safety vests working with cable in a grassy area .
worker 's  installing new water pipes .
"a woman in a black dress , stands alone , looking out to a city ."
"a lady slicing velveeta cheese , making a funny face ."
a young boy and girl are hiding in tall grass .
a blond woman wearing sunglasses on the top of her head .
a mother holding an infant up against her shoulder in a kitchen .
an older boy holding the ears of a younger boy .
"a nanny watching her neighbors kids after a long hot day in the city of las vegas , nevada ."
woman in gray is holding a little girl wearing pink .
an asian man with his head bowed in prayer in front of a golden statue .
the man in the green shirt is smiling and holding an axe .
"a man sits a desk , in front of a computer while looking at some paper ."
"a shirtless man is riding his bicycle , which is on its front wheel ."
the boy in gray is laying in the snow while he takes a break .
two men working on a brick wall .
"there is a stadium full of red seats , one cheerleader holds up a sign that says rocks ."
a gymnasium athlete gets ready to start her gymnasium act .
"a young , redheaded boy is dressed in a band uniform playing his instrument in front of the band ."
black and tan small dog walking with perked ears .
five young people jump in joy at edge of the tropical ocean .
a young girl is using a mop and bucket on the floors .
two women are examining fern leaves near a bookshelf .
a man in the work clothes is pulling the cord with the truck in the background .
a man in a tool belt is directing a construction site where a large object is lifted .
a man playing the guitar and singing .
an oddly dressed man wearing a plaid skirt and knee-high black boots stands is in the middle of a crowded area .
an older man is talking to two other men in a crowd outside .
a dark-haired girl standing in front of a performing band .
a man and two kids are walking
a man in a red shirt speaking from a pulpit with a mac .
a young man skateboarding on a rail .
a woman stands at a podium with a slide show behind her .
a man teaching a class about folic acid
"a little girl with blond-hair is wearing a dress and a hat that says  "" birthday princess. "" "
four speed skaters are racing on an ice rink wearing spandex suits and helmets .
"four skaters are competing in a high speed skating competition , and turning on the track ."
a female speaker talks about glamwiki .
some people and a horse-drawn carriage are in front of a restaurant .
two people are walking on a trail through the woods .
a naked baby lying down with his eyes closed .
a young girl is sitting at a table writing .
a man dressed in a hat and blue coat rides his bicycle past an outdoor gao quy stand on a sunny day .
a kid is using a touch-screen computer in a retail store .
a lady looks at a poster with a face and several spoons .
women check out ron negro hair mascot .
people try out a game demo at a trade show .
man wearing red shirt and jeans at an atm
"three utility workers in orange uniforms and white helmets are working near a pole , with two of the workers are the ground and one climbing the pole ."
a large group of people are sitting at tables .
a man in an olive shirt texts on his phone as he sits at a table in a cafe .
a man with a red vest and black bowtie is speaking into a microphone .
an older gent shows his expertise in concert on the saw .
two monks are walking together possibly contemplating life .
"this man is looking at a painting , with a brush in his hand ."
a man with a big red bowl is walking toward a brown donkey .
a man with a beard is holding a guitar while seated in front of a microphone .
a musician plays music near a tree .
"a man sits on a stool , plays a guitar and sings into a microphone next to a fountain ."
a boy in a gray shirt holding two over-sized cucumbers .
flowers are behind the fluffy dog that is coming up the step .
a woman with a lavender shirt carries a large bundle of wood .
a dog with a brindle-colored coat is running across the yard .
a group of people are sitting together at a picnic table .
there is a kid in a blue shirt and shorts with a dog .
a person playing on a rope swing .
here is a picture of a young boy playing in a golf resort village .
a man wearing a short-sleeve shirt is crouched behind a yellow sunflower .
many people are gathered around a tall tree that has a ladder leaning against it .
boy climbing tree with all safety gear attached .
a man walking down a street lined with palm trees .
several students watch a teacher in art class .
a woman rock dives feet first arms above head as another woman swims away .
two men are holding red microphones and white towels .
the four people are walking in the rain .
two women and a group of men in gray shirts at a club .
a white shirt with design of a lady can be seen hanging in a crowded market
men and women walking on the sidewalk outside a marketplace .
a man with tools in both hands is focused on his work .
a mother sitting on a cobblestone street giving her baby a drink .
a group of people shop for fruit at an urban farmers market .
a white tented fruit stand with several people shopping in it .
"a happy young girl wearing a brown sweater , pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off a sidewalk ."
several men are sitting at a table with beer .
a woman wearing a blue tank top is holding a ball and looking up attentively .
a woman standing in front of a dock with coolers .
a busy highway scene with a woman crossing a crosswalk on the left
man in front of a large glass building .
a young boy clasps a man 's  face in front of a body of water enclosed by concrete .
a woman is holding a crying child dressed in pink .
a surgeon is working on a patient using surgical tools .
a woman stretches outside of a building called vira virou .
an indian women sits in a small room designing beautiful pictures on fabric to make blankets and such on the cloth .
two children are bouncing on a trampoline outdoors .
a man wearing black sweeping brown tile floors outside of a tile shop .
soccer players are stretching in preparation for a game .
a soccer game is played in a stadium filled with spectators .
street musicians perform in front of benches .
a main in a white shirt and tan pants stands in front of a stand that sells various goods .
two people are on the side of a glass building .
a guy with blond-hair is standing on a stage playing a red guitar with the drummer in the background .
a dark-haired man sitting at a table with a book and drinks .
firefighters putting out a big fire .
a kid with a blue shirt squeezing soap into his hand .
"a group of elderly asian people are gathered together , playing instruments in a park ."
"a man and two small children relaxing at a campsite , eating in front of a fire ."
a child stares down over a group of people who are around a bonfire .
big brown dog chews on bone lying down .
two boys in blue shirts sit on the end of a bench next to a fair ride .
a married man in camouflage looks through a giant metal telescope .
three men in hard hats and sunglasses approach a large white freight truck .
a man in the top of the building
a man wearing a hard hat is talking on a cellphone .
man wearing construction clothes sitting high up on a building .
a man in a blue shirt welding .
one man hands another an item at a rail interchange .
an old minivan painted to look like the mystery machine from scooby-doo drives past a white building .
a man is sweaty from singing on stage .
several young men in a packed car are traveling with tires tied on top of their blue car .
three people sit around a grill on fold-up metal chairs .
two small white dogs are in a yard chasing a red ball .
a red suv with a woman inside
"3 people in a car with rally decals , equipment on the roof and a mongolian flag flying ."
a male is walking his dog down the street .
"one man , wearing a helmet and blue jeans , falling off a bull into the mud ."
this bathtub is not staying in the old house .
"people buy fruits from a stand carrying melons , apples , and other fruits ."
the passenger is holding onto the load on top of the car .
person in a red shirt standing in the street next to a car with many decals on it .
a man on a horse is attempting to lasso a dog .
three people sit together on a couch in a house while two others stand off to the sides .
three young men stand holding strings
man dressed in business casual attire playing the saxophone with the rest of a band .
a boy in a striped shirt plays the trumpet .
young saxophone players wait during a pause in a performance .
two children smile as they prepare to make their big splash .
a young woman in a white shirt and blue tie is playing a trumpet .
a school band of young students performing .
three girls are standing in front of a music stand with trumpets .
two young boys holding saxophones .
a woman with a handbag walks past a chinese store of some sort .
festival-goers have a fun time with their children
men and women doing yoga on the beach .
a skateboarder with a red hat and green shirt sitting on a skateboard watching other skaters .
a group of farmers are working together to complete a plant related task .
four dogs on leashes walk down a sidewalk .
two women voice their opinions at a political rally
two men in blue shirts and six women in a ballet .
a lady with blond-hair is walking briskly down the street .
woman carrying baggage and drink talking on cellphone .
a baby gives a woman an opportunity to engage in its world .
two food service workers preparing food in a commercial kitchen .
young woman in short white dress holding a basket is walking among sand dunes or huts .
a young boy wearing a big watch eats an ice cream cone .
wearing a hairnet and blue apron a woman prepares to pout something into a cistern .
a blond toddler with a ponytail rides a bucket swing .
a teenager in a white shirt and flip-flops is in motion on the swing .
two boys are playing in the water .
young man with a blue shirt on and rollerblades performs a trick off the wall .
older boy rollerblading in front of young children on scooters .
six buddhist boys walk along the side of a road in traditional orange monk robes .
a man without a shirt performs rollerblading tricks on a course .
a tacky looking man in sitting on a chair with a black hat on reads a magazine while listening to music .
two woman smile at the camera while enjoying their lunch together .
children recite something from white sheet of paper .
two children looking at antique locomotives in an outdoor setting .
a man in black laying on a bench with his head on the leg of an elderly gentleman wearing blue jeans .
a man with a shopping cart is selling wares on a busy city street .
two boys in all black standing next to both a bike and a tree .
three people watch a wind band perform .
two men in white hard hats and orange vests work in front of a building .
a woman in a blue tank top riding a bike .
a man in a blue shirt and khakis is playing a guitar .
five men are talking in a room that has computers in it .
a woman in a blue jacket is standing and smiling on the street .
several uniformed men playing musical instruments .
two older people are dancing to the music of a band .
two women wearing native american clothing carrying bags
two asian men sitting on the pavement with their merchandise next to them .
a llama is standing on the side of the street .
a mountain that was affected by the past volcano eruptions in the southwest city of a hope .
people are traveling via donkey with their belongings on back .
two women sitting at a table in a park are smiling at each other .
two people looking across a valley .
"a man with a walking stick and an orange backpack , walks through a valley ."
people walking down a dirt path .
"a collection of blue tents , one of which says  "" exodus ""  , are set up in a lush landscape ."
a woman in a blue jacket kneels behind a dish filled with soapy water .
a woman is laying down on the pavement of her campsite .
a lone hiker with walking stick descending a stony stairway in remote countryside .
2 men in hiking gear descend down a stone staircase .
a hiker is looking at the mountains .
a hiker walks up a path of stone steps using a walking stick .
two people with backpacks hike beside a tall gray stone wall .
a woman with a red backpack is looking at machu picchu .
a person with a green hat laying down on the ground .
a little boy is playing with a yellow car on the sidewalk .
an elderly person in a field of hay .
here is a picture of two men walking in and out of a police station .
a man fishes in the ocean .
"a couple dancing alfresco dressed in turquoise tops , the lady is held up in the air with her hands stretched upwards ."
a person walking in front of a white building with blue doors and windows .
woman wearing a hat who is standing by a table by a brick street facing away from the camera .
a photographer 's  view of a busy street .
the green-suited band is playing in the plaza in front of the church .
two children are shaking hands in a crowded area .
people sitting and a dog standing near a large fenced in statue .
a woman is sewing linens .
a young man wearing a colorful outfit and hat sits in a hut dwelling .
a woman looking out at a view .
two individuals are standing next to some supplies in a mountainous area .
a chaparral landscape scene void of human residence .
a woman wearing a blue jacket and a blue hat who is drinking tea out of a blue mug .
an alpine enthusiast is looking down a trail .
a lady with sunglasses on sitting on the top of a mountain beside of someone else .
a person walks across a stoned path .
this man in a red hat is sitting at the top of a mountain on a sunny day .
a woman offers bread to a couple of tourists .
a lady sitting at her table trying to sell her goods at an open market .
a native women displaying a decorative blanket .
a young child flies a yellow kite while overlooking the ocean .
a small girl is going to the school .
"two children , in colorful outfits , playing in a field with a big rock in the middle ."
a man paddles on a blue boogie board .
a group of tourists looking at a set of columnar ruins .
a young male practicing tricks with his skateboard on a cement curb .
a young girl in a blue hat and plaid shirt stands in front of a chair holding a pastry .
people buying and selling fresh fish by the beach .
two workers help customers at the sonoma artisan sourdough baker stand .
a man is playing a video game while another watches in the background .
a woman with fair skin and light brown hair playing the violin .
two people leaning on a rock wall looking at the scenery .
a man walking away in the distance along a huge wall constructed of large blocks .
hikers climbing a trail in the mountains .
someone is slicing a tomato with a knife on a cutting board .
a man helps a woman with her fishing pole next to a lake .
a brown dog wearing a key is playing in the dirt .
an overweight couple are dressed very casually to get married outside .
an overweight man and a woman are outside listening to a thinner man read from a book on a partly cloudy day .
a man sleeping on a white plastic chair on a sidewalk .
a man is welding something made of metal near many tools .
a man watching a person diving into a swimming pool .
"a guy in shorts , a hoodie , and flips flops playing indoor putt putt golf and is currently at the  "" penguin hole ""  ."
a few children are playing .
a woman wearing strangely colored clothing checks out at a convenience store .
a hippie is making two cappuccinos .
workmen and a tractor are behind concrete barricades and chunks of broken concrete .
a man walks by a building at night .
three people in a pool making faces at the person taking their picture .
"with focused gazes , three uniquely dressed actors stare off-stage ."
a woman is carrying a young boy who is holding onto a leaf .
bicyclist riding their bikes across a metal bridge .
"a man wearing a hat , white shirt and sweater is kneeling on a rug ."
two children in the street washing their faces .
an old man in a plaid shirt and blue pants is looking in a telescope on a sunny day .
a young man high in the air performing a bicycle stunt .
a little girl in a bright green bathing suit is playing in the sand with a blue shovel .
"two people with packs , walk in the distance on a beach toward the water ."
two african american men walking by a shop window containing a manikin dressed in a striped shirt and striped pants .
two women ordering grains at a street shot .
a woman in a brown coat and white scarf is walking on a sidewalk .
lady taking a picture in the mirror while holding her gear .
"a woman holding an apple standing next to a display of oranges , apples and melons ."
three children securing a sailboat to a dock .
a man with white hair and a white beard wearing a black suit looks at a paper in an office building .
about eight women in purple and blue dresses bow towards a man dressed in black .
3 ladies jumping off a rock in the desert with mountains as a background .
"after a sandstorm , a maintenance worker cleaned debris from the historic ruins ."
two men and a woman are standing on the shore of a river and throwing stones .
an old man standing behind a basket full of green stalks .
two men are atop a white surface within a cloudy waterfront setting .
woman in a blue evening dress holds a microphone on stage .
a man with a white dress shirt shuffles cards next to a lady in a brown shirt .
two people ride their bikes down a dirt road .
two people on a scooter wait for a man with guitar case to cross the street .
a blond girl in a yellow and black jersey plays soccer .
a brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside .
two men in white and orange jumpsuits skydiving .
a woman in a green dress looking at another woman 's  ring on a street .
a boy jumps on the beach .
a group of people in a small clearing of dead grass .
a colored boy kicks a ball while two other boys watch .
a young girl has her hands in a tub of water with leaves in it .
a man in a yellow shirt does east asian calligraphy .
a male is walking outside in the rain .
"a young man carrying foliage on his back , climbing stone steps ."
old man in third world country squats while working with a large hammer .
a man doing a trick on a bike while in the air .
three women are sitting on steps and talking .
a man painting a deck next to the water .
a man in a white coat stands in front of a market and coolers .
a man sitting on a couch wearing blue shirt holding a camera
a large group of people are gathered around two trains on the railroad .
an old man sits on a terrace in the sun .
here is a picture of people outside waiting for the great lakes bus to take them somewhere .
people watch as two trains run on tracks .
"two children stand on their on hands inside a doorway , while 2 friends observe them ."
"young redhead , looking through a gold colored telescope ."
a man in a white shirt is sitting by a white and blue door .
a man sitting in a room with blue walls while sewing .
"a man with sunglasses , a white shirt and jeans is playing mini-golf ."
"two children playing at a beach , one in pink , drawing in the sand and the second child , in green , standing in the water ."
two young people are going down a hill on a slide .
a woman walks while holding a little boys hand .
a man and a woman are eating a meal outdoors .
two coast guard officers out on a training mission .
a younger boy trying to shave while an older man in the background is watching him .
two people wearing white are dueling while a crowd watches .
a mock sword fight in some latin american country .
the dog is wearing a pink sweater .
a line of men leaning against a wall as a man with a backpack walks by .
three men work under a hot sun .
a man with black hair has a yellow pencil behind his ear .
"a person holding a  "" boombox ""  on top of a bus , or boat ."
a man in uniform is holding a large camera by the ocean .
a woman playing with her dog on a beach .
a large number of people are standing in lines at a fast food restaurant .
a man riding a bicycle up a telephone pole .
a man does mechanic work on a dune buggy .
the armed swat officers guard the cordoned area while inspecting a backpack .
three people in special operations gear cross the street near a crime scene .
line of people waiting to checkout at a store .
two men are stepping on rocks to cross some water .
women in blue skirt in-front of a trees
law enforcement that is riding in a large tactical for truck in an urban area .
"a group of people are gathered , posing for a picture ."
a blond-haired doctor and her african american assistant looking threw new medical manuals .
a woman who is working try out the new yellow jacket
a group of women are standing together in a line looking at books .
2 white ladies in casual clothing .
four registered nurses dressed in smocks peer down into mobile bin filled with miscellaneous items .
nurses in a medical setting conversing over a plastic cup .
three female workers in a medical facility looking at printed material .
three people are riding in a carnival twister ride .
a doctor and nurses in a hospital standing behind a cart
two young nurses display toys for children to play with .
two nurses are looking at items in a cart .
nurses look at a book about pediatrics .
a blond woman in a black shirt poses with a yellow star and a book .
a crowd of women stand together .
"a cop , and two females pose for a picture next to an officers vehicle"
a man is smoking a cigarette and holding a honeycomb .
a woman in a blue dress and rain boots mops the cobblestone street .
someone flying using a bright red and black parachute .
"a woman in black and red listens to an ipod , walks down the street"
lifeguards teaching swimming lessons to local children at pool .
a man in a white shirt uses a blackboard as others sit at a table watching .
several people are standing in a field wearing deployed parachutes .
a man laying on the ground with his arm under a car white a little boy is watching him .
a man and a woman walking down a snowy path .
a group of children and adults play in a pool on a sunny day .
a man running with no shoes on his feet .
a slender man wearing rolled pants and a striped white and blue shirt walks on sand .
a man sells fruit on the street from a cart .
there is a group of people standing outside a small building in a village
a group of brightly dressed people celebrate at a festival .
the two dogs are fighting outside in the snow .
commuter reads the paper while riding on a boat .
a guy in black shirt is drawing on a wall
an older blond lady in a white shirt crosses the street .
"a man standing next to another man accepting a check for 10 ,000 dollars"
a crowd of people is standing outside next to a street .
a female teacher is pointing something out to a young female student seated at a school desk .
"two men , one holding a cigarette , sitting at a table outdoors on the street ."
two men dressed in a camouflage uniform attempt to fix a motorcycle while a third man stand in the background .
a fleet of small fishing boats coming to shore .
"a young boy , wearing blue protective gear on rollerskates is hunched over on one knee ."
a man in a black helmet driving a red atv .
various fruits are available at an outdoor market in what appears to be india .
two middle-age men with blue shirts talking .
two mosaic workers in white jackets work on an elaborately designed tile floor .
three people stand at a red cart .
bare chested man with ball cap sits in an outdoor work shop
bunches of men are helping to catch fishes .
an asian girl is drinking a cup of coffee in a restaurant sitting next to a bunch of red flowers in a pot .
a dirt biker is riding through some sand as spectators watch .
the brown and white dog carries a very large stick across the snow .
two dogs in the snow .
male working on a tea pot sitting on the floor of his garage .
a man in a mauve suit jacket stands near a ship 's  wheel .
"a football player is pursuing the opposing teams quarterback , who is about to throw the ball ."
a view of a straight road with a woman jogging along the side .
man in black shirt and bugs bunny tie shows funny face with condom over head .
a woman gazing out over a railing from a walkway .
a dog walking along the side of a house in the snow .
a man is waist deep in a river casting a net .
the man in the gray shirt is trying to fix a toaster .
people walk along a sandy beach on a clear day .
a smiling youth in a blue shirt is posing on some outdoor stairs .
a sidewalk artist crafting their newest masterpiece with chalk .
a couple napping in the grass in front of parked cars .
man dragging a boat through the mud .
several people are shopping at what looks to be some kind of street market with cars and graffiti and street art in the background .
people are watching a street performer doing tricks with fire .
a young girl in a pink shirt sitting on a dock viewing a body of water .
two working men take a water break .
an old woman in a cloth hat is sewing some fabric .
a fireman strings emergency crowd management tape .
a short-haired man wearing a blue shirt talks to a group of people outside of the pueblo house that has a white door and a balcony .
a man is playing guitar on the sidewalk near a building .
a man on a bicycle is outside a bicycle shop near a row of bikes .
protective padding at the ready for some type of gearing up .
"a street busker wearing a top hat is performing with fire in front of a large crowd , some seated and some standing ."
a man drinks a beer while conversing with a woman .
a man is holding a blue fishing net in front of some rocks .
three teenagers unloading a truck with watermelons .
a bicyclist is focused on his ride as he passes a lake surrounded by hills .
sitting in a beach chair watching the water .
a man rowing in the front of a canoe in a large body of water .
two children with blond-hair are playing on a blue slide .
a man in a white cap paints a building with its white awnings while looking at it .
man in white looking down read with two men in the background .
two men are leaning out of a window and looking at something to the right of them .
a woman is sitting next to potatoes and vegetables .
a young child in blue sweeps the floors like his parents .
two dogs playing with each other .
"man in black pants , white shirt playing a flue as a lady in pink dances"
man jumping over other men with a group of onlookers .
a black mine rides a big tricycle with three large barrels strapped to the back .
the dog chases the birds in the field .
a native woman is surrounded by baskets of fresh fish that she is selling at a local market .
a child in an orange sweatshirt holds up a sandal and smiles .
a child is standing in the middle of the water with his arms raised above his head .
a nice contested catch during an ultimate frisbee game .
a dancing couple is performing a dip where the man is crouched nearly to the floor .
a blond man in a striped shirt talking on the phone while relaxing in a chair .
a woman in a blue dress is sitting in front of buckets of hay and grain .
a man in a blue shirt and baseball cap holds a small african boy .
camels rise to take a passenger off of a white sand beach .
a group of people talking outside at night .
a woman wearing a blue top and white pants working in a store
an older woman is holding a small child .
a woman being carried by two police officers from a crowd .
a small group of men are having dinner and talking .
sleeping african american woman holding her sleeping son during a train ride .
a person is riding a bike in front of brick buildings .
a man in all blue working on a train .
a little boy is playing with some trains .
a black woman in a white shirt and red flip-flops is holding an octopus .
there are two policemen standing by three elderly men .
"a man wearing a white shirt and a hat , riding his bike , makes an obscene gesture to the photographer"
a girl standing on the beach is holding up a dead octopus .
a bunch of dolls sitting on a table with a little girl in a blue sweater standing behind them smiling .
people with walking sticks hiking near the beach .
a mariachi band performing in the back of a restaurant .
a man bathing himself in a fountain .
an elderly man in a black jacket and blue shorts sitting on a bicycle .
a child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball .
two women in identical dresses and shoes with different colored hats sit on a bench with a hedge in the background .
a young child plays on an electronic device with a stylus
the children watched the young boy write on the orange paper .
a server at a diner cleaning countertops .
small children throw hay over a wire fence towards a brown horse .
artist on street corner selling his artwork .
a fashion designer is working on his one of his designs at his studio .
people sitting on the ground watching a sunrise or sunset behind a mountain .
"this is a group of women attending to some baskets filled with items , possibly seeds ."
"three people leap across a tarp , with a jungle background ."
a man stands new a saw with a white mailbox in the foreground .
the group of young people are in a bubble bath enjoying themselves .
"a man plays outside with two dogs , one of whom is trying to catch a ball in the air ."
a woman is riding a bicycle towards a red light .
an older man wearing a tan coat is riding his bicycle down the street .
a bike rider with a blue backpack peddling across a bridge .
a man surfing on big waves with a watch on .
a girl in a white tank top is motioning for someone to come closer .
a man and woman kissing at a train station .
a woman in pioneer dress is sitting at a table .
man in a colorful sombrero and poncho sitting on the grass with 2 goats and a lama .
two young men sitting at a table and smiling .
young girl reads the description of park statue; there are trees in the background .
a group of kids walking down a rad holding balloons .
a man who uses a cane walks over the white lines of a crosswalk .
a group of men play chess poolside .
a man is taking a photo of a couple standing next to a sculpture outside .
two bicyclists ride past a brown field .
two older boys and two younger boys are looking out at the water while on a boat .
a man is playing the accordion on the sidewalk in front of a store .
two girls sitting in the grass wearing hats eat snacks .
an older woman scoops food out of a pan .
a woman in a yellow shirt with bright orange hair dispenses from a beer tap .
a surfer rides on the incoming waves along side the beach .
two men surf on a small wave with a city in the background .
children and their parents climbing a metal tower .
an action shot of a volleyball player spiking the ball .
a man is riding a blue motorcycle .
a young girl with a missing shoe is held by a woman in white pants with a black top .
a blond child eating a cupcake with blue frosting .
the picture is of four men playing at a outdoor wedding .
a tennis player demonstrates a two-handed forehand shot during a match .
a surfer wearing a wetsuit and using a light colored board catches some air .
a guy in a plaid shirt walking with a black bag hanging from his shoulder .
a man and a woman on a farm field behind 2 bulls .
a little boy is shoveling snow .
a lady wearing glasses and a blue shirt with a shoulder bag is about to take a picture with her camera .
a man and a woman repairing something .
"splashing through the churning seas , a parasailer hangs on to his tow rope ."
a windsurfer surfs on frothy waves .
"a man and a woman , both pushing strollers with children in them , are stopped and looking at each other ."
a man holding flowers while a dog sits in a bicycle crate .
a man is suspended in the air on cables while doing some work on a building .
a dog running with something in its mouth
a man in a blue shirt singing while a girl in a black dress plays guitar in the background .
a person is standing in a costume on a street .
a man and woman are preparing a mixture in front of a row of bikes .
boy in a red shirt climbing up a block wall .
several israeli men standing in the middle of a busy intersection .
man dressed as darth vader playing a violin on the sidewalk .
six girls are dancing in a line at a sporting event in a gym .
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth .
this person is about to put paper into a copy machine
a man in a red shirt is playing pool .
a group of young females wearing blue tank tops and white skirts all doing a synchronized cheer .
baby being fed food on a spoon
a flight attendant is serving goods to the plane 's  passengers .
two men act out scene while dressed in character garb .
a balding painter working on a piece on the street in the daytime .
two people kissing on a yellow cable car .
a man is holding a baby wrapped in a towel on his shoulder .
an older male barber shaving another man 's  face .
a young man in a black jacket and black cap is playing a trumpet .
a band is rehearsing in their garage .
musicians are on stage with their instruments as a row of people stand around in front of them .
a man in a green button-down shirt sings into a microphone .
girl in red and black shirt sitting in front of a keyboard performing with other band members .
two girls are talking at a party .
a man and a woman standing outside a house next to an audio speaker .
several people are holding containers of alcohol in a room .
young adults consume food and drink next to laundry machine .
two people at a party or concert
"a man with gold necklaces , a red jacket , an earring , and eyeliner smokes two cigarettes at the same time ."
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench and are playing stringed instruments .
a glowing bust sits in the middle of a round table with papers neatly laid out .
three utility workers on a telephone pole .
a woman sticking her head out of her tent on the side of a snowy moutnain .
woman climbing a snow covered mountain looking at people behind her .
the man carries a large backpack while hiking through snow-covered terrain .
a hiker is climbing up a snowy mountain .
a group of people is crowded around some stairs by an amusement park .
a walmart worker wearing a white coat .
a man in a checked green shirt is sitting down and looking at his hands .
a few men are sitting around a table .
a brown and white dog is standing on its hind legs reaching for a ball .
"vendors in europe , a man and a woman preparing for a day of selling vegetables and fruits ."
one redheaded lady and a brunette hair colored lady are standing close to a water fountain .
mature male with a gift in his lap while a young child opens another gift .
a child sleeping as a person holds a book .
a man rollerblades across a yellow pole at night .
"a woman is standing near the water , looks to be throwing something ."
a man is hanging on a horse as it jumps around .
a young man in a rodeo arena wearing cowboy garb on a horse carrying a rope .
a child with play gear is adventuring outside his house .
a young girl in a black dress is holding a red flag and covering a happy expression .
a man dressed in medieval clothing sits on a medieval type cart .
the small dog is leaping in the air toward the woman 's  hand .
people are buying food from a temporary food vendor .
3 men are sitting along a walkway .
a man is pouring something from a can onto a sandwich .
a man and woman are sitting at a table in a restaurant overlooking mountains .
a woman sits on a blue bench reading a book .
"a boy wearing a blue t-shirt , khaki shorts , and sandals runs outside ."
man in blue and yellow watching a jumbotron .
students in a class are engaging in lab experiments while wearing goggles .
a man in a red dress coat riding a white horse in sand .
upset woman in a blue dress walking in a city .
a security guard standing alone by a building wall .
"three children , wearing green , yellow , and blue uniforms , are sitting and standing near two women ."
"a group of children , with adult helpers , work together ."
"a young boy raises his hand , as other young kids laugh in the back ."
"twelve children gather in an outdoor , tropical location ."
a group of young asian women smiling for the camera .
a guy walking up the stairs holding a briefcase and a book .
a person dressed in a red hoodie sitting on a bench with their head down and hand over their face .
two children are sitting on the sidewalk .
a young man in a white shirt holds both his hands above his head .
two little girls reading and a baby listening .
spectators dressed in bright colored clothing watch as man dressed in white pants and barefoot blows a ball of fire .
people on a crowded subway car .
two big brown dogs running through the snow .
a young child playing with a volleyball near a body of water .
a man with a beer and hammer in his hands strikes something on a round platform in front of him .
four people with hats sitting and eating on a bench .
a little boy giving a little girl a comforting hug .
two male firefighters with white helmets standing in front of a building .
a man in a white short and shorts hits a tennis ball .
a girl in white is playing tennis .
a woman in a white dress and white shoes playing tennis .
girl in red shirt and white tennis skirt returning the tennis ball .
"a woman , carrying several multicolored buckets together , is poking boulders at the water 's  edge ."
a woman is representing the university of phoenix at a display table .
a group of people are riding on a rocket-themed amusement park ride .
boy in green hat reacts to historical spot .
two employees look on as another employee is tossing dough in a commercial kitchen .
boy in striped t-shirt walking along a ledge .
five people are spaced evenly along one side of a trough full of pineapple in a large field .
a collection of vegetables sit in baskets .
a mountain biker clad in protective gear clears a small dirt mound on a track while an audience watches .
a young woman is on a moped in front of a cafe .
a street vendor in a red shirt and white hat selling italian ices from his cart .
a man is fixing a ladder to climb up and down .
a man is approaching a parachute that he might just have used to land on the ground .
a woman playing along with a little boy on an accordion on the front door stairs .
"the dog is wearing a red baseball cap , and has its mouth wide open ."
a chubby man walking down the sidewalk .
three men fish at the edge of a concrete barrier constructed along the shore .
a ballerina in a black dress and tights dances in front of a concrete wall .
a japanese woman cleans a building from a museum .
a cowboy is showing off his mule next to a horse hauling trailer .
a man in a purple shirt playing a drum in front of a crowd of people .
construction man paving large concrete steps .
"four men in tight outfits , three in blue and one in black , adjust their clothing while standing on a paved surface ."
a man in overall jeans working on an old train .
an organ player is seated and playing inside of a regal church .
a man in a yellow excavator on a construction site .
a small group of people basks on shingle at lake or seashore .
asian greyhound buy traveling somewhere .
a man and a woman read in a church .
a large black dog has his paw on a small brown dog .
a man with a hat and suspenders is walking through cornfields toward a silo in the background .
a crowd of people outside of a chine 's  temple .
three smiling women dressed in black are following a fourth woman with tattoos around a rope .
two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field .
a man in a blue jacket and pink shirt is singing and playing the guitar
a little girl is wearing pink pants .
"the big , black , running dog is wearing a strap around its chest ."
a white female is outside in a market looking at fruit .
a young boy with light brown hair putting his face into his meal .
a boy in a green and white striped shirt looks exhausted as he is running
woman in red coat buying something from a street vendor .
several bicycles parked and a couple walking together .
three men at a table while one looks on holding his martini .
a firefighter preparing to put a car fire out .
man in brown jacket with his arm around person in black jacket at flower shop
two people sitting at a bar having a conversation .
"spectators watch , and one snaps a photo as a man jumps off of a bridge ."
a man wearing a flashlight on his head has his hand in a rolling case with wires .
"three girls playing basketball , number 35 holding an orange , white , and black basketball ."
looks like students are in a laboratory .
"two guys , on in a maroon sweater , the other in a light blue , are shirt sitting around playing video games ."
two martial artists wearing protective gear fighting inside a gym .
a young man goes air-born while his skateboard spins underneath him .
a man prepares to put on a sandwich board advertising an ebay business .
female in a maroon shirt engaged in conversation with another female in a tan blazer .
person in orange clothing lying on a wall
gray and white dog with red harness and leash going over a stone wall .
a woman in a purple shirt carries three full shopping bags .
a group of people walk in front of a mountain .
a man wearing a yellow and black jumper is doing acrobatics .
2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it .
man in suit sitting next to wall of vhs taped .
a woman with glasses is sitting in front of her laptop in a library .
airline customers await their luggage at a luggage carousel .
a man riding a quad through the mud and he looks very happy .
asian woman holding flag with costume dragon in the background
"two guys , one in a yellow shirt and one in a white shirt , are playing with a frisbee ."
black kitten eating a moth and a leaf .
a man in a red tank top is meditating .
a woman with sandals and a gray shopping cart buying grocery 's  .
"the bicyclists are getting ready for the race , grabbing for their bikes , their ultimate tools for pounding their way to the finish line in this race ."
a pretty female news reporter being filmed for a show .
a crowd of people sporting umbrellas stand in front of a red building .
a man without a shirt on is riding a bicycle .
a man in jeans and a blue checked shirt heats metal using blacksmiths tools .
an asian bicycling food salesman waits at crosswalk .
a woman wearing a white lab coat is holding her jar up with a white glove .
a man in a blue shirt works on a bicycle .
"the man is standing upside down on the bottle , with hands on the ground ."
a man making balloon animals on a city street .
a group of hikers walk a path that leads from a sandy beach towards a hill .
a middle-aged man in a suit sits on the floor against a wall while reviewing his notes .
a construction working on a foggy day up in the air on a lift .
a crew is getting someone ready for bungee jumping .
"a woman is leading an oxen pulled cart , with a man walking beside her ."
a woman soldier in glasses hands out an object to children .
a brunette woman in a blue satin costume holds a sledgehammer in the middle of the woods .
"an older man tosses plastic bags down a staircase , attacked to a plane ."
"a street musician sitting playing guitar with an open case and a sign reading  "" tell me why my music sucks ""  ."
four students posing for a picture inside of a classroom .
"two people are on the street , and one has a cello while another is holding an accordion ."
sveral young man jumping down the street
a group of people wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking through a wooded area on a trail .
small girl plays on top of a black iron machine .
person on bike holding a shovel next to a woman in a green shirt with a laundry basket on a dolly cart .
a dark-haired woman is looking at an apple laptop computer .
two men in a red uniform and a blue uniform combat in karate in a gymnasium .
a woman holds small boy on a couch .
a woman jumps over a park bench while throwing leaves in the air .
a man doing a headstand in front of orange and white barricades .
people are waiting for the subway on the outdoor platform .
a bride and groom walk on a path through grass while another couple follows behind them .
one man is kicking a board out of another man 's  hand .
people sitting in a room talking to a panel .
"a group of people , at least two of whom are drinking out of wineglasses , are standing in a hallway ."
three ice hockey players in black play outside .
a young boy dressed in white shorts swims underwater with his eyes closed .
a woman in a green shirt is holding her face .
two white canopies with men standing under them while one man is walking away .
"a man photographs a mountain meadow , with peaks in the background ."
two people wearing uniforms and carrying bags are walking down the street with a wall in the background .
two women sit behind their booth at a street market .
a crowd of people appear to listen to a speaker while a man and a woman talk behind them .
a mother and her two children bonding over dinner .
a woman wearing glasses and a black blouse holds a ladle and a bowl in her hands and clenches a plastic fork in her teeth while standing in a kitchen .
a woman is peering into a cooler of ice cream .
a man with a camera on his neck stands outside a cafe .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting up his food .
two people sit on a bench enjoying nature as a huge cloud looms overhead .
skater sitting at the bottom of a skate bowl with his board .
a young woman is sitting on the floor practicing arabic letter formation using an inkwell .
a group of people dressed up for halloween .
"a man with a pea green jacket , white hat , sunglasses and a cigar walking down the street with other people around him ."
women are standing next to a produce stand .
a man with white hair and a long white beard is eating .
a tan dog on a leash walks in the snow .
a single male wearing a long-sleeve white shirt riding a dirt bike .
man in a blue shirt playing with ropes in a wooded area .
a man in a blue hat and plaid shirt is repelling down the side of a rock face .
three people are looking at merchandise of a jewelry kiosk .
a man with a gray jacket and white hat bending over watering a garden with a water container .
man looking around in an art gallery .
a blue truck with bags of cargo on the roof is headed down a road .
a woman brushing her teeth .
"a group of six caucasian men are standing on scaffolding laughing , drinking water , and taking pictures ."
"five young , handsome men hanging out of scaffolding ."
a young girl at a park wonders loudly if the water at the fountain is recycled water .
an elderly disabled man is sitting on a chair holding a bottle of water .
an old man reading a paper in a restaurant .
scuba divers are examining a wrecked airplane .
a trick rider wearing a bright green outfit carrying an american flag riding a paint horse with green riding gear .
two very well dressed women are standing next to each other .
a man in a white sailor outfit and several other people pull at ropes on a sailing ship .
a construction worker stand by a large truck and orange cones .
a young man in a purple american football uniform is attempting to allude the tackle of another young man in a white uniform .
a man is resting on the ground with a cup .
a man grins and holds up a white coffee cup while sitting near a tree .
four men talking by a truck .
"a little girl , standing by the side of the road , is watching a little boy as he sits in the street ."
two men are making an announcement on a balcony .
a girl with a red wig smiles as a lot of people dressed as clowns walk by .
two dogs are playing on the beach together .
dressed-up participants throw confetti and candy from a float during a parade .
a surfer riding a small wave .
two men stand on a street in a city and the man on the right points at something .
a group of young people put their hands to the air in a live concert .
the man is reaching across the table to get more food .
a man wearing a glove and grinding a piece of metal .
a man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street .
an older man is sitting at a cafe relaxing .
a teenager and a younger kid are talking at a gathering in a park
a woman is walking past a western themed gun shop .
man in blue suit with megaphone walking in front to people dressed in blue robes
"two men , one in black , one in green and denim , on a dance floor ."
two men in dress shirts and holding microphones sing together .
a group of people are partying inside a building .
person in a plaid shirt standing in a crowd of people in front of a band .
a man in a black vest playing the drums .
a band of people sing in a party
four men are playing instruments and singing .
a skier shrugs from behind goggles at an experts only sign while snow covered mountains fill the sky in the background .
people dancing inside a room where there is a small concert happening .
band members playing with the drum major lifting up his drums to attack another member .
"a guitar player with a black hat , performing on his knees ."
"two females dance together in front of a band and a banner which says  "" live in concert. "" "
a man is dancing in front of a band .
a group of seven men perform on a stage with microphones and guitars as several young men and women dance and look on .
a musician in a black hat is playing a keyboard .
a man pulls a cart piled high with items .
a bride and groom dancing at the reception .
a woman in a white shirt stands at the entrance of an ethnic goods shop .
people from a foreign village gathering resources .
three middle eastern people going through a bunch of glass bottles .
women in sari examine a graph .
a black man in a hat sitting in a chair in the sand holding a net .
a man is shining dress shoes .
a shirtless black man is pushing a cartload full of goods .
indian women discussing their task on a dirt road .
three ladies with scarves around their heads digging up dirt .
a group of women fill out some paperwork .
a dark-skinned man with a turban looks up along with others dressed in their native attire along a dirt road .
four people standing outside of the white house .
a wide eyed guy in a blue jacket is holding a beer and standing next to a guy holding his nose .
a man tries to sell fruit in a busy street .
five attractive women wearing black mini-skirts and red tops leaning on a red car .
a woman is exposing her belly while holding a beer .
you have two boys playing soccer with each other who are both going after the ball .
a man in a formal outfit grilling or maybe cleaning his grill .
revelers participate in the chinese new year parade with fireworks .
a girl is standing and another one is sitting by a tree
a man walking down a sidewalk with 2 dogs on leashes .
a naked person standing on a rock .
"a young woman in a pink shirt is sitting on a porch , weaving with a loom ."
a woman checks her purse while at a outside cafe .
two guys are sharing headphones and are listening to music on a subway .
a boy climbing a mountain .
a man marches in front of two lines of people in uniform .
a man in a rural area using farm-like equipment in a swampy environment .
a glass blower shapes a bottle with a furnace in the background .
four men dressed in white play saxophones in front of an audience .
people stand on the balcony and deck of a boat .
a young man with a mohawk begins to jaywalk across the street .
a woman sits on a mat surrounded by red fruits .
a group of people stand around a man sitting at a sewing machine outside .
a woman and a young girl are eating side by side .
two ladies are walking in the street; one of them is carrying a big load .
a woman in red plays a guitar and sings while couples dance .
a railroad worker working on the rails .
a man prepares to line up his shot during pool at a pool hall .
an old woman with a cart full of groceries .
a man wearing a gray jacket standing on the side of a street .
two young boys engage one another during a game of flag football .
a man with blond-hair looks on as a woman in a garish costume dances on stage .
a man in glasses talks to a woman while shopping for orange juice .
a man is working in a mine or cavern of some sort .
the waitress is placing the cake on a table at a gathering .
an older man reading a newspaper sitting aside some plastic household goods and cans of paint .
the fans are cheering while the rollerskaters go by .
man in tan shirt and blue jeans doing a back flip with bare feet
placing my faith in the tattoo man .
a man painting murals on the sidewalk .
an asian man cooking meat over an open grill .
white man holding a paper plate with some food wearing a brown shirt .
five boys wearing jerseys and caps play flag football outside .
"one man is using a mop , while two other men watch from the background ."
a man is jumping on a bridge made of stone near a mountain .
a lady wearing a black hoodie is standing near an old rusty truck .
we have to think about this and it 's  your fault .
"a man , wearing an official jacket and hat , is leaning against a rail while reading a newspaper ."
six people hiking in a snowy landscape .
a woman with black hair and a red plaid apron preparing food .
"three workers in bright green vests , taking a break ."
here is a group of people waiting outside for the wedding to be over and start the real celebrations .
a small white dog stands on one leg to catch a ball .
people that are walking in a urban area in a large city where there are concessions .
a man is shaving in the mirror in a silly fashion .
two men are riding down the street on a bicycle next to a gray building .
a little girl hugs a performer in a stitch costume .
a man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt .
a woman in a flowered dress carrying greens .
a man in a white shirt playing a white guitar on a stage .
cheerleaders are performing on a football field .
a man with a tattoo on his arm plays the accordion .
three boys say hello as they navigate the waters .
seven people are riding bikes on a sandy track .
a woman is sitting in front of a computer .
a few people wearing green outfits carry a large staff that looks like a cross .
a woman wearing a brown hat hugging a child .
an older man asleep on a train car with the reflection of other passengers next to him in the window .
two girls cleaning and one girl acting a fool .
a woman in a green burqa and sunglasses walks down the sidewalk between a road and a fence while pushing on something .
military official greets children who are waving american flags .
a girl in a white top is sitting by the pool .
a man wearing an official yellow shirt is watching traffic .
a white dog with a sweater on and a black and brown dog touching noses .
a group of young students are posing in front of a sign .
two men are aboard a speed boat sitting calmly in the water .
a little girl standing in a bathroom brushing her teeth .
a man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't  notice the quirky poster on his left .
two men in black jackets sitting on object talking .
a man in a jacket works atop a set of stairs .
a volleyball player is jumping to strike the ball .
a man lifts up a woman in dance as their pose for a picture that is being taken .
a man is playing with a baby on a deck .
two older men and one older woman sit around a table while talking .
a girl in a pink dress steps carefully over a puddle .
three women wearing business clothing standing in front of a window .
a child smiles while holding a flag while others sit in the background .
two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow .
a little boy flinches as a deer kisses him on the cheek .
four men making a presentation while approximately eight individuals listen .
people in coats are watching a game .
"two women , one with a baby in a stroller , are talking in front of a stopped subway train ."
a man and a woman on a motorcycle .`
someone suspended high on a wire near a large metal structure .
a gathering of people watching other people playing some instruments .
a group of musicians performing are surrounded by the public watching .
a man is walking a white dog on a leash in a park setting .
nypd officers watch people on a boardwalk near the beach .
two women walk through the streets playing a tuba and a cello .
a group of three boys are playing soccer while an adult man looks on .
a male vendor waits for customers to order beer .
a man wearing a turban on his head is on his knees praying on a mat .
a person has one wheel off of a bus while tinkering around the wheel well .
"a worker is at the top of a telephone pole , working on the wires ."
a woman on a segway standing with some men in a crowd .
little guy in brown and gray hooded sweater pushing a manual mower in a fenced yard .
man directing traffic as a telephone worker performs his job .
a man in a green shirt is standing in front of a stand selling a product .
the musicians are playing for the crowd .
a group of people playing an assortment of instruments while walking down the street .
a man standing in the water .
an adult with an infant strapped to chest walks in the forest with another child in tow
a marching band playing for the crowd in a parade .
marching band members dressed in black and blue play the drums and other instruments .
a woman is holding a black sign at a street rally .
"a young dreadlocked woman is on stage , singing and playing acoustic guitar ."
a group of people are in a van .
a group of seamen are walking along a sidewalk in a line .
a young boy wearing baseball clothing getting ready to pitch a ball .
a bird is flying through the air while children are playing on the beach .
a man is wheeling a gurney full of medical supplies .
"a man sits in his car , with his arm resting on the door ."
the brown dog has an object in his mouth .
a street vendor tends to his stand with lots of kids toys and items .
a man and woman are singing on a stage .
a woman with dark hair and a blond woman in a bathing suit have cocktails on a patio .
a young boy in school uses scissors to cut paper .
a man not wearing a shirt dancing by himself with his eyes closed .
a girl in a black shirt playing a carnival game .
a man stands in the snow as the sun sets .
"young muscular african american man , cleaning a fish , shirtless ."
two black boys sit in fishing boats with their casting nets .
a young blond boy brushing his teeth in front of a mirror .
a man and woman in middle-eastern dress are running down a street .
a happy man in a blue collared shirt is typing on his computer .
"two black poodles playfully tussle on a grassy , manicured lawn ."
a man wearing a scary mask in a show .
boy walks past man in orange overalls who is sweeping garbage from the street .
white male sitting at the table with a beverage .
a young man in a red shirt is doing tricks with a skateboard .
a little boy and little girl on a porch look at something .
a man in a tan hat is sitting next to green shrubbery and looking out over water .
a teenager with striped sleeves playing a guitar .
five young women are gathered together in a room with green and blue chairs .
two workers working on putting up lanterns .
a man with a mustache and turban draped around his head is situated in a tree with a tool .
"two dark-skinned men , one of them with a knife , stand in front of some foliage ."
"while sun is setting , boy is blowing bubbles by rocks new lake or ocean ."
a man in a gray stocking hat lights a cigarette while holding a pop .
a man and a woman in an orange cloth walk down a dirt path .
a german shepherd leaps in midair .
five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th annual longboard classic .
a woman is blow drying a young boy 's  hair in a hair salon .
asian man in orange suit and with glasses examining a young girl .
older white male smoking a cigar
a man and a woman stand at a street vendor 's  food stand .
two men are standing underneath a waterfall .
these students in class are sitting down doing work .
a little boy with a backpack approaches a stone archway .
"a young couple , both blond , female in red plaid jacket , carrying a designer tote , wearing brown boots , crossing a busy city street ."
comical man pushing his fist against a broken concrete tile .
a man is sitting on the side of a sidewalk with a paper in his hands .
asian man in colorful attire writing in his traditional language .
two girls sitting in brown chairs with beverages on the table .
a man is sunbathing next to a pool with a waterfall fountain .
"looking down from the top of a cliff , a man is climbing the cliff wall in an attempt to make it to the top ."
the children are focused on the gray object .
a man is dressed in a white wig and beard and purple robe and many people are watching and taking pictures .
an older man and women having dinner
three people are looking at sculptures made of rocks located on a body of water .
football players are lined up on the field .
relaxing under the hut as someone walks by with a fruit bowl hat .
a football kicker attempts to make a field goal .
a football player is looking down at a football during a play .
a fashionable black woman sits on a train .
a woman and a young girl walk along a wall with the numerals ninety-six adorned upon it .
a group of guys are not he football field playing football .
a woman with a red no sleeve shirt with black shorts is running .
a woman dressed in layers tending to farmlands .
two firefighters spray water from a black hose .
an odd looking boy is enjoying himself by touching hay .
ethnic woman in traditional clothing sitting on the ground by artwork designs in chalk .
a person is walking on the night street under neon lights .
a man in a white apron and gloves stoking coals under a large fire in front of a wood pile .
six people appearing to be planting something in the ground .
a woman runs down the street in a marathon .
a street performer dressed as a pirate in public .
this man is skiing in the white snow and going through a course of some kind .
a shop on the street selling vegetables .
a rumpled-looking man carries a bundle of logs in front of a jungle .
a group of africans running away from something .
"an asian man and woman are seated a table , the man on a laptop , and the woman with a mug ."
a man wearing a mask in a cluttered room .
a young buy kicking in his karate gi next to another child .
a man gazes upwards while others watch him on a city street .
"rodeo roper on a house , attempting to use a pink rope , to capture a young bull with horns ."
actors in costume are posing at an event .
fisherman at the market weighing their catch at the end of a long day .
a lady with brown hair holding a box with a carved face on it .
three people inside of an airport waiting for a flight
a man irons fabric while smoking a cigarette .
an indian man in a mustard jacket is shoveling a lot of snow .
"a man in a green sweater holds a round , decorative pillow ."
people on the street are coming to check out the women 's  table .
a girl in a striped blouse sits on a bench near a pay phone .
two children are sitting while one is standing over them .
a boy in a yellow jacket holding a red pot .
2 little girls drawing while listening to a band play at a bar or restaurant .
two men are talking as four kids run by .
a woman and a man pointing to the left are on a street corner in front of a green store that sells tobacco and magazines .
a man in a hard hat looking up at something .
an elderly woman is picking up a tree branch off her stone porch .
a workman dealing with water spraying all over .
an oriental man with glasses and a colorful vest is walking down the street with a girl with blond-hair .
a crowd of people talking at a bar .
younger kids sitting and lying on the ground around clothing and trash .
a man in a checkered shirt playing guitar .
"a smiling girl with a tattoo on her wrist is laying down in the beautiful , green grass ."
a woman is showing her fingers full of rings into the mirror .
a woman in a white and beige-striped sweater answers telephones in an office .
two older men present photos and discuss their lives .
a man in a red shirt and in striped shirt singing each with a microphone .
a father and son begin a fishing trip in a boat .
two men in suits sit in front of a crowd while a man 's  picture is shown on a projector screen .
peoples talking with a big television
a dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet .
blond woman looking down over a wooden rail .
a man in work clothes and a white hard hat submerged in water .
a woman shows emotion while on a microphone .
a man in a cap with a goatee leans against the window and reads a magazine .
a child in a yellow shirt is climbing a tree .
a girl in a yellow t-shirt is jumping in a field on a clear day .
a man cleans the streets in front of a gated home .
woman in black dress holds a piece of paper in her hands as she talks into a microphone .
a woman and two men play string instruments .
a man lies in a crowded street while people walk by oblivious to him .
man hanging out of the window of a train wearing a black jacket and hat .
three children rolling down a green hillside towards a parking lot where a woman is getting into a white car .
"two shadowy figures standing under a bridge , two cans at their feet ."
women in colorful foreign clothing talk in a market next to a bread stand .
young entrepreneur giving a presentation using two mac book laptops .
a shirtless man is using a roller to paint the ceiling white .
two young girls in skeleton costumes attached to a leash .
a person in uniform is standing in front of a toll bridge .
two elderly men sitting against a blue wall with their canes .
people sitting on chairs in a room with one person standing .
two men dressed in white shirts are standing at a party .
"looks like a man transporting a family , consisting of a mother , a father , and a son , to some destination"
a man sits with his head down on a subway .
the boy in the black and yellow mask is talking with the man in the blue shirt .
a woman is ironing in her home .
"a man who is in a train , thinks he is a conductor ."
cars parked on the street at night .
a military man walks in front of a procession of people during a parade .
a woman trying to create an ice scripture .
two men wearing black shirts are sitting behind their own colorful drum sets .
"three girls standing outside , one girl is crying ."
the band is performing on the football field .
a group of construction workers are walking .
swimmer doing laps in a pool .
two football teams competing in a football game outside .
a male and female chef watch over the meat and corn they are cooking .
two children are eating ice cream on a bench .
"a man with a beard sits with a guitar that 's  opened up , and wires exposed ."
a couple are seated together and viewing a computer monitor .
a man is playing a special guitar and looking at a television .
a construction worker is resting for a bit .
a man with a guitar has wires placed on his fingers to track their motion .
a woman looking at a man 's  computer screen .
two people are communicating while sitting at a bar .
a couple of officers on a scene .
2 police officers at a suburban home taping off a police area with yellow tape .
two people in suits are going upstairs .
a child is standing on a walkway with the sun to her back .
a man playing guitar and a woman wearing a glove .
two muslim men sitting on their stall to make some money with that business .
a black man wearing a knit hat patterned with snowflakes smiles slightly .
an elderly man sitting on a folding chair and looking into the street .
man working on beige carving while wearing yellow ear protectors .
"the white and brown dog leaps into the air , above snow covered ground ."
people standing around a dimly lit bar socializing .
a small group of teens walk down a street together dressed displaying hand gestures and wearing tights and miniskirts .
an asian lady in a red jacket taking a photo
people in costumes warming up in front of a fire .
a couple is posing for a picture in the field .
three boys are struggling with one another and reaching for bag of litter .
an older couple smiling while standing in front of a big building .
a man wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surface near a forest on a hot day .
a gentleman using a torch to seal a runner to a grate .
a man uses a blowtorch on a test tube while students look on in the background .
a baby showing it is very tired and sleepy .
an elevator in a mall is in front of a yellow and green wall .
a person dressed in red and black outside a cracked wall .
a child is standing by a pool with a pole to clean out the pool .
a boy with a blue t-shirt laying on a bed .
a man with glasses is taking a picture of a train .
three teens are talking near a wall .
many people in a room filled with halloween decorations .
woman on cellphone running in the snow .
a man in black talking to a woman on the street .
two people looking out the window watching radars .
the person in the blue shirt and blue hat is riding a white horse .
a father is cooking breakfast with his daughter .
a young boy is blindfolded with a mask and hitting a pinata while a young woman and toddler watch .
two men talk while sitting on a park bench .
two boys are running around a girl lying under an umbrella .
a construction guy with his hard hat on is talking on the phone .
"a person is driving across a dry terrain on an all terrain vehicle , wearing mostly green gear ."
a man hammering nails on a shed .
a man climbs the side of a mountain .
two people rock climbing .
a blond climber with a white shirt is scaling a stone cliff .
a man in a lime green vest directs traffic
two people in rain gear are leaf blowing in the grass during a raining day .
a man wearing glasses is shaving in a mirror .
many men in yellow shirts and one woman in an orange shirt taking a spin class and smiling .
a man in a green shirt is taking a spin class .
two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party .
lady doing a gymnastic move while bending backwards and holding a purple ribbon .
"a ribbon dancer is leaping through the air with her head back during a competition , green ribbon behind her ."
a masked woman with glasses is holding a baby .
a female in yellow wearing a surgical mask is holding an infant .
a yellow balloon floats over a stone building .
a little girl in a red robe with a basket on her side .
women talking while waiting for something .
a woman serves food on the side of the road .
a man wearing a yellow vest works in the street .
"a small group of people , including a bicyclist , prepare to cross a city street ."
a smiling hiker poses on top of a snow-covered mountain
a man on an atv with two kids on the back .
boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station .
a person in an elaborate mask holds up a torch in front of a crowd .
two people playing a game in an arcade .
a man in a wheelchair is being pushing along the beach while two children play in the foreground .
a jockey climbs a ramp behind his horse .
"a man , in a yellow baseball cap and sunglasses , is aboard some sort of boat on the water ."
four men float in a blue boat while cattle graze nearby .
a little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled walk in the snow .
native americans performing a traditional dance or ceremony .
two people stand in front of a brick train station waiting for a train .
boy stands near laundry hanging out to dry .
a boy is trying out his skateboard moves in the park .
a man in a green hoodie is trying to do a trick on his skateboard in a park .
five young caucasian adults are preparing food together in a dining room .
a ukrainian man in costume performs a dance on stage .
a couple in traditional dutch dress are dancing at a festival .
a festival is going on in the streets .
a man scratching his arm while a girl sits at a table .
three men are gathered around a fruit stand .
"two guys at the beach playing in the sand , with one friend attempting to jump-kick the other ."
a couple and their children relax on a peer .
a man in a red shirt climbing a rock with his bare hands .
workers at a starbucks restaurant show off their facilities .
a man in a white t-shirt and jeans is using a wrench .
three people in costume walking on sidewalk .
a man wearing a button-up shirt plays a flute while carrying a bottle and a large stick with many flutes on one end .
two boys in blue sweaters are embracing for a picture .
six people on stage getting ready to take a bow .
a dog with mouth open to catch the red ball .
elderly woman sitting in a rabbit cage with two white rabbits on her lap .
a bride and groom cutting their cake .
a woman walks toward a janitor that 's  wearing a raincoat and pushing a cleaning cart .
2 black girls in purple shirts sitting near a green fence .
black school boys in uniforms make deals with a white man under the garage door .
some people are waiting in a line .
a girl in a cat costume looking at a book .
guy in a yellow and purple outfit jumping off a set of stairs .
an old woman dressed for cold weather in a hat and tan coat with a cane holding a small piece of paper .
people running in a race on a street .
"runners in various colors running left of photo , with man in forefront waving at camera ."
old woman in the winter walking by a glamour store .
a girl in a bright outfit is playing in the leaves .
a group of runners are pictured while running a marathon .
some people resting near a forest and near a river .
"from one girl tackling another , i say hold on to your drink !"
a jewish man is holding the head of another man who has bent down toward him .
a man and women walking by a caution sign .
two young children are lying on a porch in sleeping bags .
people in clusters of twos and threes stand around an outdoor fountain .
"two older men converse standing in an old-fashioned , paved alley bordered with brightly colored buildings ."
a per wearing a yellow shirt is walking down the street carrying a large basket .
a man and a woman are sitting on a bench reading books .
runners race by while a crowd of onlookers watch .
a large group of people are running a marathon and being watched by spectators .
a group of swimmers are diving into a swimming pool .
front stroke swimming race roped off lap areas .
an athlete swimming during a swim meet .
"a man in a black shirt , holding up a paper full of math equations ."
five hikers walk down the hillside .
a man is outside at a shoe shining stand shining a customers shoes .
a man wearing headphones in mixing music .
a man in a white shirt leaning over a computer .
five men in a laboratory are looking through microscopes .
a vietnamese man driving a tractor through a dirt ravine while a woman rides on the back .
a woman wearing a blue shirt typing on a laptop .
a drum furiously hammers out notes on his instruments as he plays on stage .
a man with a black shirt on singing into a microphone .
a man is playing with his skateboard on a street .
two young people looking at a fountain .
two men use their skateboards in the middle of the street .
one man is skateboarding while two others look on .
two male band members are playing guitars in front of a microphone .
a man cooking some food in a kitchen .
an old man and two kids are on the porch looking over the railing
a sidewalk flower vendor preparing to scan a customers purchase .
a baby smiles at a woman across the table .
a clergyman sits in an old-fashioned wooden confessional .
a dog in water with its head cocked to the side looking at a ball .
two brightly dressed women with hats are looking at something .
a man with short hair and a beard is holding a baby .
a young man looking at raw meat hanging .
bicyclist walks bike down a tunnel that does n't  allow cycling .
a girl wearing safety goggles is smiling at the camera .
"a middle adulthood aged man is wearing a karate robe while , practicing with another masked individual ."
man and his sled dogs traveling down a snowy road .
a young boy wearing blue plays in a room with a lot of toys .
random people at an airport doing various things .
the black and brown dog is running with something in its mouth .
a white dog with a life vest accompanies a man in a boat .
"a large group of women , wearing pink shirts and black pants , have their arms raised with the right arm outstretched and the left arm bent inwards ."
a man looks at a woman as she rides a bicycle past him .
two men are looking at the front of a snow shoveling machine .
a child wearing a coat looks back at someone .
a group of woman stands near a group of army men .
a man and woman are having a discussion while military members look on .
"a group of children , standing in a circle , holding hands ."
soldiers in uniform staring down at two little kids .
two men in military uniforms stand in front of a truck loaded with toys .
a woman holding a young child giving a thumbs up .
soldier looks at digital camera as a child with juice box looks at him through shades .
two men in the military and a boy posing for a picture .
"soldiers stand in formation outside of a building , and one man dressed in street clothes stands near them ."
a group of villagers prepare for a rainstorm .
a man in military camouflage and a dark green hard hat is holding a framed child 's  crayon drawing .
a worker in a hard hat is being interviewed .
men are kneeling around a board game outside on a tiled surface .
in this picture we see a man cooking in a kitchen .
an elderly woman sits a in cage with two brown and white rabbits .
a man shovels snow between two black vehicles .
a male kid skateboarding down a sidewalk wearing a white striped shirt and black pants .
an elderly man riding his bike with a large white building behind him .
bald man in a shirt an tie standing around food and drinking wine .
a soccer game is played by teams in blue and red .
this man is wearing a red helmet and flip-flops and driving a spyder .
a captain checks the life vests of his passengers .
two women smiling and talking to each other while they are both holding a can of beer .
a man with his hand raised .
a group of people are gathered for a meal in business casual attire .
a man on a dirt bike in midair competing .
"an outdoor cycling event with braun markings on the walls , a cyclist run has gone wrong with his bike flying up in the air while others watch ."
here is a crying baby being held by its grandmother .
a man in a dark sweatshirt is sitting at a table with a red pen and a newspaper .
a girl riding a pony with braids and pink bows
a man with a beard and black shirt looking at an envelope in an office .
"a guy is operating a bulldozer , and they are working on the sewer lines ."
a backhoe is digging a trench outside of a building .
a guy standing by an electric pole and posing while at work .
a man wearing a brown coat and latex gloves is looking at something in the distance .
a male with a hat and glasses is standing around .
a couple in black coats is looking at the camera with pleasant expressions on their faces .
a couple are blinded by the lights from a camera .
two people sit on a bench overlooking a vast amount of windows .
a military ceremony is attended by boy scouts .
a man in a sweater poses in his viking helmet while another man in a coat takes a picture with his camera .
a man in a plaid jacket works with flowers .
a man and a woman hold hands in a grassy field .
a man is sitting on the sidewalk next to his shoe-shining station .
a group of boy scouts are standing in an alert position .
war veterans are attending an outdoor memorial ceremony .
one old couple with their winter jackets standing in front of a shopping mall .
foreign militants or authorities keeping peace and order on a neighborhood street .
woman cupping water with hands over bathroom sink as child stands beside her .
two men stand in front of a tan building .
one person is observing two people who are sitting on a brick bench looking through items taken from a yellow bucket .
a man with white hair walking down the sidewalk .
a group of young ethnic kids performing a dance in traditional colorful outfits .
woman stretching in a kitchen while mixing ingredients in a bowl .
"two adults are outside talking , while a little boy watches them ."
a man is trying to watch his television in a public place
a man sleeping while sitting on a bus with his bag in his lap .
old man playing saxophone on the street .
a woman is sitting in a brown chair in the center of a mall .
a woman painting another woman 's  fingernails a bright purple .
a ceremony with one man speaking and another man adjusting the robes on other person whose faces is partially covered being held in a mosque with many observers .
a mature asian man is standing in a gray hallway .
"two soccer players , one in white , the other in maroon , are playing and the player in white is going for a header ."
man walking past a bus stop with graffiti .
man in a blue shirt with a mustache talking on a cellphone
one constructor worker lays down to rest while the other sits in a chair .
"in the background , there are 3 people on the shore among several canoes , and the young man in the foreground is paddling through the water , while wearing a life jacket and smiling ."
camp leaders gather and organize information and young girls for their camp group .
"two men , one younger and the other older , stationed at what looks like a control board at an airport ."
a crowd of people attend an outdoor event .
a woman dressed in pink is holding a book in front of a veteran memorial .
a little girl is sticking her hand out to give marathon runners a high-five
a group of children and adults who are all wearing blue backpacks are standing on a sidewalk trail in the desert .
a man kneels on a dock while a dog jumps in the water next to him .
a dog with a shiny dog tags changes course of his stride
a crowd of people at restaurant eating .
"a little boy in a green and white uniform is running towards a red , black , and gold soccer ball ."
a man is standing outside the glass doors of an art center .
a young child with mouth wide open for a large spoonful of food .
black woman in orange dress shoveling grains .
women in saris walk down a dirt path .
a man sits at a messy computer desk in a white room .
"two men stand in the road , it almost appears to be some sort of movie set on a sunny day in california ."
a group of people in standing outside a building .
young child relaxing and enjoying a snack while sitting in a tub with her feet out .
people in a market buying fruits and vegetables
"it is a busy street in india where there are shops and people walk , ride bikes and go about their daily errands ."
the little boy has spotted the photographer from above .
a woman and her child wheeling a smaller child in a stroller on a brick path .
a little boy wearing blue shorts and yellow shirt is pushing a stroller .
a man in a red sweatshirt is talking to a group of children in the forest .
a blond performer is standing on stage in a white outfit .
a man is holding a violin while singing into a microphone .
two blond ladies sit on a sofa drinking wine .
a man wearing blue jeans and a vest is laying down on a city bench next to a beer bottle .
several small children are playing basketball .
a young white man wearing glasses is shaving his beard with an electric razor .
a chef seasoning newly baked popcorn by the window .
a man in a red jacket wearing snow gear is midair on a snowboard with a red structure in the background .
a singer performs on stage at a concert .
a man covered in tattoos stands in the middle of a stage dressed in white pants while three others stand in front of him .
a young woman is balancing on a raised platform .
a man in dark swimming trunks is playing with a boy in red swimming trunks on the beach .
an african man sitting on a bench is drawing a picture .
a woman in a black coat is putting makeup on in a train .
a cook preparing lunch in the kitchen .
two boys are thinking of what they want to buy and two boys picking up money they dropped .
three women in jackets are crossing the street .
a guy is jumping in the air while a group of people stand around and ignore him .
the small brown dog is leaping over the brick wall .
someone walks along a lonely pathway in a nearly abandoned passageway .
a guy meditating on grass with his eyes closed
a man in a baseball cap is creating a sculpture of a man .
two men wearing white shirts and ties are having drinks .
a man in a green and white striped shirt carries a large basket on his shoulder .
a woman wearing red speaks through a megaphone while walking in front of a banner .
young girls weave corn stalks into elaborate designs .
people are eating food in a busy restaurant .
"a woman is crossing the street , the camera 's  view is from between two buses ."
an audience are watching two seated musicians and a speaker standing at a podium .
"two dancers , one male , one female , are doing a routine in a dance studio ."
many women dancing on a brown dance floor
"a brown car is diving down the street , while people cross at the corner ."
people are crowded around a dilapidated bus on the street corner
a man in blue shorts and a man in teal and orange shorts harvest a bale .
a man in a sweatshirt is waving flags .
a man in a yellow suit climbs over a broken fence while another man looks on .
a woman walks in front of a movie advertisement .
some kids are gathering leaves and putting them into trash bags .
a man giving a presentation in front of a projected image .
"a man , wearing a suit with a name tag , is speaking into a microphone , while standing in front of a video presentation ."
cowboy rides a horse in a parade as onlookers watch from the curb .
three young men gathered at a table with drinks having a discussion .
two woman with umbrellas run across the street in the rain .
a solider wearing a hat is getting his picture taken .
a couple cutting the cake with an audience .
a woman and a dog are in a field of bright green grass and brilliant blue sky .
a middle eastern guy selling stuff street side .
three men in matching reflective uniforms gather in front of a decorated wall .
people on a sidewalk are trying to protect themselves from the rain with umbrellas and a newspaper .
a guy and girl on rocks fishing in a body of water .
man in a pinstriped jacket is working with an object .
a little boy prestends to punch another kid in the temple while they are eating lunch .
one man painting a floor blue wearing only pants and a hat .
"a boy holds a blue stick , as a man holds a pinata above him ."
two dogs playing with a ball in the snow .
a child examines a chunk of rock through that of a magnifying glass .
a man in a gray shirt has his arms raised .
a boy surfs on a yellow board across the bright blue wave .
a man grimacing while using a motorized toothbrush .
"two boys , one wearing a red chiefs sweatshirt , plays near a shore ."
two young children are playing .
"a native american person with missing teeth , a red hat and a red wrap or blanket , is smiling ."
several customers shopping for vegetables in a farmer 's  market .
a california golden bear quarterback falls to the ground after he throws the ball to his receiver who is pursued by the stanford defense .
man walks his dog over interesting surface .
a little girl eats a hotdog with her hand .
two men in black are running through a forest .
a large crowd sitting at tables inside a large tent .
a child watches intently as a woman uses a macbook laptop .
a man is having a walk with his dog during sunset .
men wearing colorful jackets are around a landed helicopter .
two older women are sitting in chairs talking to each other .
four people harvesting in a field .
a man and woman are standing together as she smokes a cigarette .
a waitress at a restaurant is cleaning a table .
a man in a blue jersey and blue baseball cap prepares food while standing at a counter in front of a window .
a man with a backpack is walking down a pier next to the water
a young woman with black hair and tall white boots is posing in a short dress with a white background .
a boy with a guitar sleeps next to a concrete structure .
asian woman plays music inside of a subway station .
a group of people are talking and eating .
a man plays an organ grinder with a toy bird in a cage .
firemen are putting out a fire in a trailer .
a person in a black shirt is unloading items from a truck .
a woman in a black and white dress conducting a choir .
a man playing flute in front of a blond woman
a local band has a gig in a hall
a man is standing with his eyes closed and smoking a cigarette .
a man with no shirt jumps of a ledge into the water .
a bearded man wearing a beret working on a project using fire .
a shirtless boy in flip-flops is riding a wheelie on his bike .
men in red pants marching with sticks in their hands and bright lights going off around them .
some people are waiting on a sidewalk for fresh food .
a young girl wearing purple jeans and a purple jacket is standing on her arms and legs with her back toward the ground .
a man in a black hat with a green stripe plays the accordion .
a woman in a tan coat is sleeping on a man with glasses .
the hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off .
men sit at a table with name tags and in front of a large sign .
a large group of people are looking upwards .
four bearded men sitting in a restaurant smile at the camera .
several hunting dogs gathered together as a crowd watches .
two women in light blue shirts place a stone tile in a garden .
a man hitchhiking with a bag on has back .
a group of people walk on a trail through the forest .
a bearded man gestures with his hands in a kitchen .
a man in a blue-checkered apron is using cleaning products to sanitize a surface .
a custodian mops the wooden floor of a classroom .
a man with long hair is playing a guitar .
two hockey players are waiting for a puck to be dropped by a referee .
a person in a white t-shirt is jumping in front of a lake .
the child is using chopsticks on overturned kitchen items .
young man gets haircut by another young man .
black male wearing run dmc t-shirt giving another black male a haircut
three men are gathered around while one is operating a camera .
the black boy in the gray t-shirt is shaking his hands .
man outside in the rain promoting a 50 % off sale .
young women in colorful costumes raise their hands in happiness .
a man in a gray shirt gets his hair done with people standing around him .
a riot breaks out in the streets of an asian city .
a girl in stripey socks sleeping on a green sofa with red pillows .
a soldier and his daughter are buying lunch .
a man wearing a gray shirt is getting a haircut .
a boy gets his haircut by another boy with friends watching .
a man in a white shirt is clipping another man 's  hair .
a man stands near a pool with his gray shirt partially pulled over his head .
a young girl in pink is playing with a pink toy on asphalt .
a man is standing on a metal roof spraying red water hose .
a dog is standing in the snow watching the camera
a man is sleeping outside on hard stone .
there are many people shopping at clothing store that sells carhartt .
a girl in red and a man in black dancing
a bearded man with dreadlocks in an orange shirt has tribal face paint .
a man reading a late night book on the couch .
little girl jumping up to land on a yellow circle at a splash pad .
a kid diving into a public indoor pool .
"a woman in a black and tan jacket , tan hat and red pants has just putted a golf ball ."
a person taking pictures outside in the snow .
a man on an elevator looks at the mirror on the wall .
"woman wearing a stocking cap , standing in a subway tunnel ."
a black guitarist in a yellow tracksuit and black fedora sits on a public bench playing his guitar .
three ladies with cloth looking at a phone .
smiling toddler wearing a blue shirt smiles while sitting on a swing set .
girls in knee pads and rollerskates stand together .
group of people in the wilderness packing boxes full of food .
chinese citizens walking through the square .
pedestrians strolling about a plaza in front of a large building .
a woman in a blue shirt is sitting on a curb .
a man turning around and smiling as he walks down a busy street at night .
a lady carrying food crossing a bridge .
pilot in a cockpit in a green vest about to flip a switch .
an old man is selling fruit .
two workers in hard hats work on machine in close off area with barbed wire .
a bearded man shows off what he just cooked .
men are working outside and one is climbing on top of something .
a young boy runs past a graffiti covered wall .
a man with a large plant reads a newspaper about how someone (besides him) is an idiot .
a family in a log cabin setting up for a birthday party
a boy trying to convince a girl to come with him into the store .
a man sings while a red-haired woman waits her turn .
"a man and woman in black exiting and entering a kitchen , maybe for a st patrick 's  day party ."
several people buying empanadas from a small empanadas store .
"lumberjack in his security red jumpsuit , gets stylish with his orange hard hat as he cuts down the trees ."
children playing on a roundabout .
a woman in a yellow shirt is dancing barefoot on a shiny surface in front of forestry .
the fire department is on the scene to assist in an accident .
two men pulling on a net near shore with waves crashing the background
this man is asleep on a bench .
"a man , wearing glasses , is rock climbing ."
an old man and old woman are inflating a hot air balloon .
a man in a yellow outfit watching some men play chess .
a black-haired man gets a haircut .
a man stands behind a bar which serves a number of kinds of beer .
a man is singing with a clown just behind .
a choir dressed in all black is performing for an audience .
a couple is getting ready to take wedding pictures .
five people in a race are walking next to each other .
guy in white fuzzy jacket plays guitar while a man in purple button up sings .
four men on a soccer field while the sprinkler is on .
a small white dog is running across a grassy field .
a man in uniform directing traffic as people cross the street in a crosswalk .
a white wall with pictures with a little boy looking at them .
two kids play on the road while their parents wait and sit on the bench .
a soccer match is getting ready to start .
two women walking wearing all blue in a field .
man in scottish garb in a parade
people at some type of outdoors fair .
two boys are talking while one is sitting on a mule .
a cleaner in a one piece mops the floor in front of his tricycle full of supplies .
a bearded man enjoying a hot bath .
a little girl stands on a cobblestone street and watches bubbles .
two people in white tops and black aprons .
a kid trying to climb up running through a skateboard slope .
a little girl in jeans and a blue shirt sits on a swing .
a woman wearing blue clothing shows a picture book to several small children .
children are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background .
a group of children holding butterfly cutouts in the air .
a woman in an apron is looking for bread .
three people wearing life-vests are paddling along in a canoe on a small river in a marsh .
a man dressed like late 80 's  movie batman .
a little girl in pink is standing next to a little blond and is looking at cards .
children stand under an umbrella in a river .
a group of people watch a man standing on a stool dressed in a thong .
an adorable young boy is having a good time .
a young girl in blue in a swinging outside with her eyes closed and hands off the swing 's  chains .
a group of people are in front of a food truck .
a group of people sitting down to a meal in an old wooden building .
a man is using a broom outside of a store .
"the senior citizen , wearing the tracksuit , is skateboarding through the park ."
"this marketplace features multiple vendors selling fruits , vegetables , and other items ."
two children are enjoying baked goods while sitting in chairs next to one another .
the person wearing the red hard hat is on the mountain .
a man in a black shirt is removing his work gloves by a red gate at a construction site .
a balloon vendor stands in the street while motorcycles drive by .
a man i a mountainous region is working with a circular piece of aluminum .
two scuba divers take an underwater photograph together .
"a young boy is standing next to an open cabinet , and he is covered in flour ."
two young children playing on a statue .
a woman wearing a red coat and striped pants is leaning towards a man wearing a black hat and smoking a cigarette .
two musicians in black playing a saxophone and trumpet around pine trees .
a child in a pink coat is standing in the middle of a pile of empty plastic bottles .
here is a man who is protesting against bottled water .
people crossing at a stoplight in front of a big building .
an older woman is checking her watch .
two women with hats are walking away from each other with their luggage .
a rollerblader performs a toe grab off a curved wall .
six people in white hard hats walk on a walkway covered in snow .
two people jogging on a path .
a person wearing a white garment with a brown vest is standing next to a carpet where a man is reclined next to some items .
a dog runs through the woods .
"a proud father with his child and dog is sitting in a lounge chair outside , and looking at his son ."
a man and a donkey carrying straw walk along a road .
"two pudgy , middle-aged women stand in a parking lot next to an empty shopping cart ."
a guy is helping a younger girl rock climb with trees in the background .
a girl in pink is being pulled up with rock climbing gear by a man .
an adult male and female balance on a seesaw .
a man is sitting in front of his gray laptop .
a man and three children riding a bike with four seats .
a woman eats dinner with her dog as she sits on the couch and there are four lit candles on the table .
two little girls looking out at airfield with wonder .
a man dressed as santa claus gets out of his prius in front of ruby 's  diner .
two young girls playing outside on the playground .
people ice skate on a lighted space near a spot that sells alcohol .
four people are sitting at a table having a meal .
a young boy wearing a gray sweater is coloring on a piece of paper with crayons .
man is a pink shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
a woman sitting in the back of an suv with food being prepared .
a person spreading glue on the sole of a shoe
young men and women shouting with serious looks on their faces .
a man and a woman are shopping at a large hardware warehouse store .
a man on a high ladder is painting the outside of a house .
a man doing a midair kick at a karate tournament .
two workmen are standing on a roof while they repair a chimney .
a woman holding hands with a child who walks on a bench .
"a new baby still in the hospital , wrapped in blanket , sleeping ."
two kids are sitting in a stadium .
a brown and black dog running on a shore near the beach .
a bearded man in green coat stares into the camera lens .
"a woman is picking corn , half hidden by the stalks ."
a child plays with her father 's  boots .
men are driving away from a dock in an orange boat with an outboard motor .
four men and a woman are singing a song at an event .
a father and his children picking out a christmas tree .
a group of people are riding bicycles .
little boy sitting outside looking at lit up jack-o-lanterns .
a girl sitting on a bench .
groups of people sit on the steps overlooking gardens and fountains .
one of the band members playing his trombone .
"a dog running at the shore of a lake , hill in the background ."
"a happy boy , jumps in the sand ."
two boys and a girl doing schoolwork in a classroom with a green wall in the background .
a child is sitting behind a makeshift table .
waist down picture of a surfer riding a small wave .
a man sitting on a green chair in an airport .
a group of people of mixed ages sit on a bus that features red headrests .
a boy and girl are standing near a clown .
"a group of people are sitting at a round table indoors , eating food ."
a dachshund puppy jumps on a bed .
a baby sleeps on the floor with a stuffed animal .
the group waits for their ride for the trip .
three little girls are sitting at a red table with an empty green table in the background .
"a man performing a skateboard trick , with streetlights and traffic lights behind him ."
men with black vests are standing in the back as a woman raises a yellow flag .
two men of hispanic descent are working at the wood boards .
man in an orange shirt and shoes stands among boxes while holding a box in his hand .
a group of men are having their pictures taken on steps .
two young girls in red bathing suits swimming in the water .
several dogs brawl in an alley near a silver car .
"two men , one holding a microphone , are talking while standing on a wood floor designed for an athletic event ."
two asian women browsing inside a store .
a boy in a red shirt climbed to the top of a jungle gym while other children play at the bottom .
four people watching a man standing in the river
a man stand in front of a brick wall with the city in the background .
"a man dressed in full santa attire , with beard and glasses ."
a young woman with a gray shirt is looking at a brown piece of pottery .
man atop bike pole sitting on bike having a cold drink .
a man in a white shirt adds detail to small sculptures .
various people out and about in a public place on an autumn day .
a man covered with a red shirt and wearing sunglasses is relaxing on a porch with a newspaper .
a man with a tennis ball playing with his dog .
a professor is giving a lecture to students in a classroom .
a woman is making a clay pot .
a man with a hat and blue jacket buying something at a marketplace .
a small child wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor .
a bald man in a black hat wearing a black shirt with black shoes on stage playing a red guitar at a concert .
a man takes a picture with his phone .
"seen from a low angle , a man in a tank top plays the drums ."
three musicians are performing together .
a big yellow van with a man standing next to it on the street .
a group of four hikers in the woods .
a group of people in outdoor gear looking at a map .
a young hospitalized child decorates her medical apparatus for the holidays .
a serious looking man in a tan coat standing outside while its snowing .
a little boy in a blue jacket prepares to shovel snow .
four hikers are walking up stairs on a small hill .
man in blue shirt sitting on the side of the road with a wheelbarrow of vegetables
a heavyset girl in a striped dress with glasses is holding hands with someone while she is receiving some sort of medical treatment .
a mother and her two children sit down to rest .
"two people in green coats and pants , wearing safety vests and carrying a stack orange cones ."
a couple walk up a set of stairs in the snow .
many dogs are swimming and playing in a fountain in a public park .
two men on scaffolding fix a blemish in a building .
a man in a blue jacket is pushing a bicycle loaded with a potato type vegetables .
women conversing while tending their produce in a market .
two guys are in a garbage bin and three others are in the background .
a woman leaning her head on a man 's  shoulder .
"four people in their 30s take a group photo at a bar , someone is flipping off the camera ."
two people in white hats look at a computer screen .
a bearded white man in a beanie and yellow jacket stands next to a fallen tree while looking toward another man .
the skier in blue is turning and creating a dust cloud of snow behind him .
a woman in a black jacket grabs a cup of coffee .
hot air balloons are being prepared for use .
a man with a tattoo behind his ear plays the guitar and sings into a microphone .
people standing on the sidewalk next to the trolley and track .
a semi-circle of adults and children sit with a christmas tree in the background .
two ladies in winter clothes playing with a duck and snow .
a woman sings to a group of people holding their hands up .
two asian men work with dough .
a child in a green cap sits at a boats controls .
a person is walking through a snow covered street at night .
a man in white snow gear is shoveling snow .
a man in a yellow truck plowing snow .
a woman wears her hair down and does not have her head covered like those around her .
two men working outdoors at night in the snow .
a man wearing a hat holds a silver pole on a busy sidewalk .
male and female soldiers unload christmas gifts from the back of a van .
man and woman stand behind large truck in front of yellow house .
two woman kissing by a river in a city .
a group of people trying their hand at ice skating on a sunny day .
a woman sleeps in the back of a car .
a man shoveling his front steps after a snowstorm .
a man wearing a red shirt reclines against a motorcycle .
dog carry leash in mouth runs through marsh .
two people are walking towards a domed structure .
two men in orange uniforms stand before a train and do some work .
a woman and a young boy read a book together in a living room .
a kid in a yellow shirt wrestles with a denim wearing kid on the white couch .
a man wearing a green shirt looks down at a cellphone .
railway workers attach a strap in order to service a car on an incline .
the people are marching through the street .
a man with a blue shirt is flipping burgers at an outside grill .
a man is holding a guitar and speaking into a stand microphone
a little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach .
four males on a stage playing various instruments .
a man with a beard sits on a rock as he watches the ocean wash ashore .
a police officer in the middle of a parade
the man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign .
two older men talking on a sidewalk .
"a man with a blue and white jacket , cap , and backpack , taking photographs ."
three men discuss a project along side a large yellow construction vehicle .
a brown puppy walking through the snow .
a man and a dog are walking in the street .
a girl with black hair and a brown sweater is cooking on the stove and has a big smile on her face .
a group of people standing in a kitchen .
a heavy man wearing suspenders is sitting on a bench next to a huge balloon arrangement .
a dog running through a field towards a camera .
a woman with blond-hair enjoying the sun in her flower pattern shirt flip-flops .
a smiling woman sitting on a smiling man 's  lap .
a person walks up a snowy hill with skis on his or her back .
young child smiling after being buried in sand .
"a child wearing a red helmet , cowboy vest , striped shirt , silver shorts and brown pants ."
a couple walks through the rain with their child holding umbrellas .
a man and his father look very amused as the younger man in the blue shirt and masters hat hold up a barbie doll .
a little girl is playing dress up .
a woman standing on the street is conversing with a man on a truck .
five elementary school children are running a relay race .
a girl and boy in blue jerseys passing a baton at a track meet in asia .
a person is running a meat shop .
two young boys hold a crying infant while both are sitting in the same chair .
two men in reflective vests walk by a giant picture of a man in a vest .
a view down a narrow european cobblestone street with several cars parked along the road .
a man hugs his infant in a hospital room .
"a shrouded man coming out from a dark doorway , holding a skull ."
two kids running a relay race .
three men in yellow vests digging a hole in the dirt .
three men in a crevice in a street .
a brown dog is playing ball in a yard .
a woman climbing a mountain .
a child wearing a blue coat runs along the snow while a small dog follows .
two men in casual clothing are moving crushed blocks of cans .
the new baby girl fell asleep next to her newly washed and folded clothing and blankets .
an audience sitting in an auditorium .
a gyro chef in a white jacket and cap looking at gyro meat .
a male wearing a red hat is sitting on a log in the forest .
a group of people are taking a rest on their hiking trip .
a boy in a red sweatshirt leans on a rock .
a young boy goes through large rocks in the mountains .
a man is standing on a subway leaning against a pole .
here is a picture of asian dancers performing a new dance in front of their class and teacher .
two people helping a gentleman across the water .
a man camps outside with a tent and necessary camping gear .
"two men filming an older gentleman , while a fourth man watches ."
a small child wearing pink sits on a dark carpet .
little blond girl reaching for a basket of toys .
"a woman in a red t-shirt is carrying a blond child , while another woman stands nearby in the kitchen ."
a dad fixing a toy for his daughter .
"a woman with short , dark hair is on the floor reading a book to a little girl dressed in a white dress ."
a dark-haired woman hugs a blond child while a woman in a freen shirt watches .
three people in an open outdoor area have just landed from a skydiving drip .
a woman walking down a crowded street
"a man is sitting down pointing and looking into the distance , there is beer bottles appearing in the background as well ."
the girl in the blue dress and hat is smiling .
young child getting ready to bowl a ball toward a pin while playing bowling .
seven people walking across a bridge .
two people jumping from a plane and about to release the chute .
a college basketball game being played in the big ten conference .
a group of people is talking and standing next to a bus stop .
three dressed up women walking on a gravel road .
"an asian woman , stands at a checkout counter , holding money in her hand ."
a girl in pink pant playing in the ground .
a woman shopper is pushing her stroller while looking through items on the shelf of the aisle .
two men standing near a piece of heavy equipment .
a group of people in formal clothing gathering in a church .
a woman behind a glass smiling and holding the peace sign .
a young boy is walking across a pipe that runs across water .
four kids sitting down two of them are sitting on a white cloth .
two casually dressed men sit down and enjoy a beer and food outdoors .
three friends smile for the camera as they are eating an interesting foreign meal .
"next to a green field , young blond woman sitting outside on a gray trunk applying makeup to her face ."
a downhill skier wearing a lime green jacket and a white helmet .
a man and woman in formal dress smile at each other as they dance at a party .
soccer player in maroon jersey standing next to ref in black
"a soccer game in mid match , with a person in yellow about to get the ball ."
three soccer players standing on a field .
soccer players pause a game because a player in white uniform is hurt on the field .
the two man is playing the softball .
"a group of people in the snow , one is bending over to touch a snowshoe on his foot ."
two young women proudly pose with the snowman they completed .
a man in dark clothing stands amongst some gear wheels .
a man runs toward another man who has fallen during a rodeo competition .
athletes on a soccer field stand around each other
a black dog jumps up to a man 's  uplifted hand .
rodeo riding cowboy trying to keep on a bucking bull in an arena surrounded by rodeo clowns .
workers in orange suits are working on a road .
a man sitting at the public laundromat waiting for his clothes to finish drying .
a corgie walks on a thin blue platform .
a female in a violet shirt and black pants is the focus of multiple cameras .
a brown dog is jumping on its hind legs .
eight people are shown in the picture in snow gear seeming to be skiing .
two dogs stand side by side in the yard .
a couple very excited about what is going on .
a man is standing by a fruit cart .
"a woman in a red shirt stands alone in a terminal , with three pieces of luggage ."
three women dressed up in green and shamrocks .
a middle-aged man wearing a button up shirt reads a book about dogs to a toddler sitting in his lap .
"a mother , teaching her baby girl ."
two girls attempt to cross the street in a crowded asian city .
a man is standing in front of a mirror .
a little brown-haired boy wearing a red shirt and blue jeans is carrying a green truck .
two young boys are playing with two toddler girls .
a young boy in a red shirt plays in a tree .
three teenagers dancing one evening on the street .
a man is asleep on a park bench .
a house party full of young people .
a man throwing something into a river in the city .
"skier in orange jacket , standing at the top of a hill"
"a young person is playing guitar , behind them stands a very bright lamp ."
a man in a vest stands on a quiet street .
three children dressed in winter clothes are walking through the woods while pushing cargo along .
a construction worker in a red hard hat looking at a machine .
many people are walking down a street surrounded by old buildings .
woman wrapped in blanket sits on bench and reads in park .
"a red hatted man is controlling a red machine to clear out the road , with blue skies and green tress behind him ."
a baby in a yellow shirt smiles .
workers are preparing food for people to eat .
someone in a red shirt stacking many animal hides .
four older men are playing musical instruments in a park by a wall in traditional costume .
a older man waits for a ride on the side of a country road .
two older men standing in front of a store of sorts .
a man in an apron is using shop equipment .
a group of pedestrians walk down a city street .
a woman with a white horse costume and helmet enjoys hanging around friends .
the man in the suit with pink shirt and striped tie gives a speech while others laugh .
"an electrician working on lights , possibly air conditioning ducts in an office building ."
a man rests on the side of the road with his camel .
two people fishing by a boat on the dock .
someone dressed in a gray top looks on as the bowl rolls down the lane on lane eight at the colorful bowling alley .
a man rides a horse in a parade .
a group of people stare in the same direction and one woman sits on another woman 's  shoulders to take a picture .
a child smiles as she rock climbs .
"a man in a white cap , standing in a field with a bat , about to swing at a ball ."
a monkey climbs over wires above a street .
a man in the snow on a ramp working on an ice sculpture .
a professor is teaching a large group of students .
three young men are taking a picture of two girls at a bar with a camera-phone .
young girl getting ready to rock climb .
man in heavy black coat smoking cigar standing near woman in brown jacket with a piece of paper in her hand
a dog walking along a snow drift .
there are many people walking around and viewing things in the red room
a man in a suit standing next to a large painting surrounded by a large gold frame .
a group of people on a bus or a train car .
two people wearing snowshoes jump into the air to pose for a photo .
a man wearing an orange and gray jacket doing a jumping split in skis .
two people sit on a dock with a sunset in the background .
"a man and a dog on a park bench in the foreground , with a group of walking people in the distance ."
two small children wearing outside winter clothes are shoveling snow .
"a man sits in a big blue boat , looking at dirty water ."
a blond man with a backpack stands next to a pond .
a boy is pulling a little boy in a red sled through the snow .
people walk and dine in front of a hotel .
a group of people trying to pull a tractor .
a horse bucking a cowboy in a rodeo
"a woman in a red jacket , with a hat and scarf on her head , selling her wears on the sidewalk ."
two men are riding on a subway while reading books without wearing any pants .
a girl in a white knit hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces .
a man waits to get a drink from a flight attendant .
a man and a woman discussing something over drinks at a bar .
a man is talking to men at a table .
rodeo people are walking out of a gate with a woman and boy following them .
a man is skateboarding in a city .
a child is pushing or kicking a bird with his foot .
a old couple is playing musical instrument on a street corner .
a bearded man reads while sitting on a wall in a park .
two gentleman standing outside a smoothies &amp; bubble tea vendor .
"two large cones are outside , in the street , in front of a large building ."
a couple of boys are in a gym with partially assembled bicycles .
"two men on motorcycles , one with a silver helmet and the other with a black helmet , riding in a city , with a boy with a white long-sleeve shirt on , approaching one of the motorcycles ."
"students , and their teachers in a classroom going over material ."
a dog runs on a field with its mouth open .
a firefighter is shown trying to climb into some debris .
people gathering at the front of the temple before they go to meditate .
a man in a white shirt is approaching a seagull .
three women are outside and one of the women is smiling .
a man is offering samples of food .
a woman walking outside while a gentleman rides on a motorcycle nearby .
two men with shades talking on a balcony .
"a woman is reading a book to two small children , one who is drinking from a cup ."
a man wearing a yellow shirt is playing with his black poodle .
a man in a bright blue shirt and khaki shorts holding a water bottle is walking down the path between two steep cavern walls .
a girl dressed up as a butterfly .
a skateboarder flies through the air while two people observe from a tall viewing post .
a wakeboarder is performing a trick on a rail .
the future of snowboarding in the summertime with all the height and excitement you could possibly want .
a young male is doing a bike trick on a bridge in the evening .
a group of people jumping away in a street
an extreme biker cuts a corner in the forest .
"two young girls , in a kitchen , wearing aprons over their pajamas are saluting a man in an olive green shirt ."
this is a woman playing her flute with sheet music in front of her .
a man dressed in all green with his face covered by a bandanna is working outdoors with heavy machinery .
a worker rests his foot on the back of a trailer .
a man wearing a train conductor 's  uniform standing inside an old train or trolley car .
woman with a red hat ice skates and walks her dog .
spectators are watching horses and their riders on a fenced path with a pond behind the path .
i young girl is blowing a bubble with gum .
a little asian boy is wearing green beads and holding a green st. patrick 's  day balloon .
a sky-view of men digging a hole through concrete .
two men stand by a truck and pieces of tree trunks .
bearded old man has discussion on trolley .
a group of african children dressed in mismatched clothing sing and play instruments .
two people walking on a street with barren trees .
"closeup of the side of an old woman 's  face with oversized sun blocking glasses , gray hair and a gold earring ."
"a young , asian man is seen playing his guitar ."
"a man wearing a long-sleeve , blue plaid shirt and tan pants kneels next to a wheeled cart in a garage ."
"a man is steadying a diapered , blue-shirted infant on his knee ."
a man and a woman talk to each other across a desk .
a construction site tearing apart a wall with graffiti .
a brown dog is chasing a red frisbee across a grassy field .
two children are sitting at a desk .
"a group of people are sitting at a table and eating together , they are in a fine dining establishment ."
the car left a huge cloud of smoke .
a volkswagen vehicle speeds through a desert landscape amid mountains .
a woman at home preparing dinner .
a group of people listen to man standing at a podium .
four people waking in the snow outside .
a man dressed in winter clothes cutting down a tree in a snow filled field .
a group of runners finishing a race .
"girl running in a marathon , wearing a black shirt with a white tank top , with the numbers 44 on it ."
a blond boy in a striped shirt about to kick a pink soccer ball .
people standing in front of a gray building with a sign that reads 'tickets available here' .
woman with tear stained face at a piano .
a man using ski gear is jumping through the air near a brick building and blue guardrails .
"a brown and white dog leaps , holding a flexible frisbee ."
a team in red and black uniforms stand on each others' shoulders while crowd presses into them .
a woman and a man stand outside a store .
a band is playing outside on a stone walkway .
many people are gathered around the street watching two street performers .
four women are gathered in traditional dresses and are watching an event .
"a man riding a horse , competing to be number 1 ."
a man washes or dies clothes in a primitive setting .
men working in dirty conditions with red fabric .
a woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background .
two people dressed in black facing away from the camera with skull bones on their jacket and backpack respectively .
"one man has a microphone , while a nearby couple dances ."
a black dog playing with a green toy .
"in the crowd , there is a woman in a red coat at the bottom of the stairs ."
a group of young musicians .
a band which includes an upright bass player is playing in a tent in front of canadian flags .
a band is getting ready to play .
"nine female dancers wear tutus and use  "" guitar hero ""  guitars as a prop on stage ."
men getting ready for sxswo to go live on the air
"a man in a blue shirt and black hoodie is watching another man , in a blue shirt , do something with electronic equipment ."
a man wearing a winter jacket is taking a picture .
a person gets into a car parked in front of swan restaurant in the snow .
a young oriental boy holding a trumpet pointing to the right .
a black-haired female guitarist and a male drummer are playing in a large tent .
a man plays mini-gold on the sportscenter set while two others observe .
a boy jumps onto a large pile of leaves while a group of children and a woman watch .
a man pokes a fire with a stick while smiling .
a woman and two little girls are sitting on a concrete bench with their hands on their faces .
two workers sweep the sidewalk outside of their small shop .
an alley open to a couple of people walking by
a woman browses through some ornaments .
young man in camo pants carries a large metal box walks along the sidewalk .
two tourists photograph a countryside and ruins
a african american man standing with a blue wooden card with two wheels on a sandy beach .
a man is laying down in the grass .
a man in a suit is speaking at a lectern .
three men talking at an entrepreneurs convention .
"two men are standing and talking to each other , one of them is wearing a shirt that says  "" summer school. "" "
two men eeyeing three women who are looking at a product .
"three people are sitting at a small table near a screen with the words ,  "" demos , the business of care. "" "
three people sit at a table in front of a crowd of people .
women standing at podium talking into a microphone giving a speech .
a large group is gathered for a banquet .
people in suits standing by a table with a red tablecloth .
boy in shorts bathing by hose in the street .
"an elderly woman wearing a green jacket , and a red hat , holds her black shoulder bag as she looks on at a distance ."
subjects eating a mcdonalds meal along the street .
an older women in glasses and a white and black shirt working with paints .
"two men walking , one with a dog and a pooper scooper ."
a woman wearing a blue jacket is standing outside next to a bicycle .
people stand in a park behind an ornamental boat .
a small child uses a grinding machine while wearing safety glasses .
a teacher helping a little girl with a machine .
a man with his head close to a laptop pressing a button .
a woman is putting together a wooden object .
a young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond .
a dog catches black frisbee .
a group of people in front of a store window dressed in winter clothes in the evening .
two elderly people are taking a walk down a tree lined path .
an orange truck is seen as food trucks line up on a street .
a man carving up meat for a meal .
"an older lady with red shoes , pink scarf , gray hat , and holding a bag , carrying on a conversation with an older man with red pants , green coat , and a green hat ."
a man outside of a mobile lunch van .
an old african american man with a cigarette in his mouth sitting with a machine in front of him .
a group of students working together in a classroom .
a very young child makes a pouting face at an older male in a leather jacket .
a man and women are on a bus .
a young girl sits in the fetal position in pain .
an asian man with a long white beard staring straight ahead .
a blond woman in a loud print shirt raising her hand and smiling .
a large crowd is attending an event and taking pictures .
people look upon a monument where a speed is being given .
a blond man is singing and playing guitar .
"a man holds up a small sticker that says  "" i am a photographer , not a terrorist ""  while standing among a large group of protesters ."
"a dancer performing with a hula hoop , with judges in the background ."
a young woman is in a gymnastics competition .
a ballerina performing in front of a panel of judges .
the craftsman sits outside working his treadle machine to braid rope .
a woman is smiling holding up a spiderman shirt .
"a man and a woman are sitting on the floor , working with craft items ."
a group of young children in a village with no paved roads .
a large crowd of people sitting in the stands watching a soccer game .
a man wearing a straw hat is hammering something .
a group of men and women who are looking at art in a art show .
a little kid wears some funny glasses that are way too big for his face .
"a couple people at a museum looking in the gift shop , potentially going to buy something ."
guy on bicycle with seeing eye german shepard dog .
a husky breed dog is sniffing a horse 's  shoulder while the dog 's  owner is petting the two brown horses .
a man wearing a blue jacket happily displays his product .
a woman with glasses combs through her hair with her fingers as she writes in a notebook with a pen .
a young girl writing with a purple pencil .
a woman squats down to reach a bucket full of dead and skinned chickens .
a group of people are sitting under umbrellas on the beach .
"a person , wearing a red jacket , skiing down a snow and tree covered mountain ."
construction workers are putting together a white canopy .
a nurse monitors a young child who appears to be post-op .
a person wearing a green shirt is jumping on the bed .
"two women , one older and one younger , appear to be on board public transportation ."
two young boys eating their lunch outside on cement steps .
a woman sits in a chair and smiles while holding a sleeping baby .
a guy getting money out of an atm machine .
a crowd standing in groups on cement area across from parking lot and building in background .
the black dog retreived the white toy in the water .
a woman in a black uniform is pushing a bright yellow mop bucket down a hallway .
a sitting man playing the violin .
"three guys wearing pajamas , two are sweeping the floor while the other watches in a classroom ."
two women they are both wearing a dark blue uniform
a person wearing a blue and white coat rides a bicycle down the street .
a man dressed in red is playing a guitar in a street .
"a little girl in a pink dress lays her head on a woman 's  lap , sucking her thumb ."
two man are standing next to a food stand .
the girl is paddling a rusty canoe in the water .
a man is knitting own some machinery .
a man takes a swan dive off a cliff while others look on .
a man in a white shirt does work at a table .
a trolley car is passing through a city .
children eating popcorn while sitting on beanbags .
a worker is looking at her laptop sitting at her desk .
the dog is leaping over the bar .
a runner is about to run underneath this bridge in the fall .
a man sitting inside looking at the window washer outside .
"two guys on a couch , one is looking up the other is looking away with a cup in his hand ."
the brown dog is running in the water licking his nose .
a bus opens its door to let people on and off .
two kids sitting at a desk while another sits in the windowsill .
picture of a little boy on a sidewalk looking at a pigeon .
a large woman in a blue jacket is looking irritated .
"a man and a woman sit on a bus , but not together ."
a toddler banging a plastic hammer against a metal pot .
a woman wearing a fanny pack is taking a photo of a red car .
a horse or mule is pulling a man in a cart down a paved road .
"three cowboys riding their horses next to a fence , in a dry grassland ."
a swimmer in a blue bathing suit is smiling for a photo .
two men are skydiving over a large blue body of water .
a basketball game before it begins .
a group of people are sitting in a basketball arena watching a team wearing blue and yellow jerseys warm up .
a young man plays the piano and sings in a concert .
a man in a gray t-shirt and black shorts holding what appears to be his son .
a baby is asleep on a blanket .
sports team members practice and relax on a basketball court .
female basketball players warming up before a game .
"a group of people , mostly teenagers , are working on a city sidewalk , digging and cleaning up vines ."
two women holding shovels are standing on a small hillside .
a small child in winter attire jumping in a snowy and wooded area .
man standing on the street holding a sign
a man is shaving his face while looking in the mirror with shaving cream coating his face .
an adult woman and a young boy walking through a city in the evening .
gymnast lying on the floor with one leg pointed up at the ceiling .
brown dog crouching in grass looking up
a man in a button up shirt is playing the xylophone .
young girl grabs low hanging phone while a man walks away .
"a group of soccer players on a field , one team wearing black and blue uniforms , the other , red and white ."
people in beautiful blue water surfing a nice wave .
a girl wearing a pink skateboard helmet is riding in a skateboard bowl .
an unhappy looking child lays in the grass at a park .
"three people , each wearing pair of red snowshoes , relax in the snow ."
two brown and white dogs in the grass near a stone structure .
a child with blond-hair is looking at a selection of cookies and brownies .
the dog is in front of some bushes .
a large group of men are listening to a man with glasses sitting at a table with a strange pattern .
"in this photo , a woman is on the phone smiling ."
a man wearing a blue coat and jeans eating a hotdog .
"a bull is charging a matador in rodeo , while three other men look at the animal ."
"a bull rider is in midair , falling off his bull who 's  back feet are high in the air ."
two people smiling while sledding down a snow covered path lined with pine trees .
five men in heavy winter attire sledding down a snowy hill .
a hiker uses metal walking sticks to hike up a snowy mountain .
an unhappy child with his eyes closed is touching the back of someones pants .
three children are by a waterway behind a house .
a toddler in a white hooded jacket holds on to the wall .
eight oriental teenagers in red shirts are sitting on concrete bleachers .
a young child wearing blue jeans and a white shirt is laying on the ground along side cut-out paper trees and a sun .
"students are in a classroom , reading something off a paper ."
there are several asian children sitting cross legged on a concrete floor .
two girls eating a meal together .
"a young boy is taking a nap underneath a piece of cardboard that reads ,  "" connie facial tissues. "" "
asian school children presenting a group project together .
a boy is looking on a strange purple object in his friends hair .
four kids playing basketball in a gym .
a dark-haired girl holding a racket in one hand and showing the peace sign with the other hand .
four students are sitting on the floor by a model volcano .
a group of asian students playing london bridges while another student lies on the ground .
two young students sharing their assignments in front of the class .
two asian students are trying to piece something back together .
a music band playing music .
a group of young people all wearing red shirts and all carrying bags or purses .
"people are walking inside a very tall , old building ."
asian high school kids doing an group activity in a circle .
asian students are examining sheets of paper while standing in line .
a young asian girl holds a stuffed cat toy in a classroom .
three young people standing in a crowded room .
two girls sit at a table with a green marker standing on its end .
students reading their answers in the classroom
a group of young girls sits on a bus with most looking out the window while one looks at the camera and smiles .
a class of students all doing different actions .
children playing in a gym with a canvas wall cover on one wall .
four asian kids are sitting on the floor in a classroom .
two girls laugh smile as they wrap brightly colored cords into each other 's  hair .
a short man is giving a speech .
a girl in a blue dress plays at a playground .
an unknown solider in green pointing to his right showing another man something
a group of people wearing orange and black play various types of drums as others watch .
a group of well-dressed young people stand in front of a congregation .
"two men standing in the snow , one looking at the camera , the other reading a paper by a sign ."
two men are skiing and the one on the right is laughing
"a male in a black and white bathing suit , looks like he 's  hanging in midair , getting ready to jump into a backyard pool ."
"man and women both vaguely clothed , with their arms interlocked between each other ."
"a woman is dancing in leaves , while spectators sit or stand on the grass ."
a man stands on top of a construction vehicle .
children playing on the sidewalk near an adobe building .
a man on crutches is reading the paper .
a baby plays chess as a cat looks on .
a man carrying plants and herbs along a train track .
"a young , blond child looks out of a glass door ."
a young man in standing underneath a playboy sign .
a farmer is taking his oranges to the market to sell .
many bikes are parked next to one another .
school children dressed in their uniforms look around at their surroundings in the classroom .
the child is sleeping while he is eating .
a crowd of people is squeezing through the airport .
"a man and kids , receiving things from a woman ."
"a tall man dressed in a long-sleeved shirt , pants , and tall boots is sweeping in a yard ."
two women looking at bread on a table .
two women in skirts are standing next to a structure made of stone .
an ambulance is near a pine tree .
"a man is playing a guitar and two women in short , white dresses are standing beside him ."
a mother happily pulling her baby in the snow with a sled .
a man standing wearing a brown jacket and he shoveling the snow away from the walking path
two male children cleaning up leaves in a parking lot .
an adult lady wearing a tank top and a skirt is putting dishes in the dishwasher .
a man with shirtsleeves rolled up gestures while speaking .
a skier in a red snowsuit and white hat is holding a ski pole while standing in the snow .
a man serves food to a boy .
a man wearing a coat and floppy hat pushes a blue shopping cart full of bags .
a man wearing a hat is behind the wheel of a white propane truck .
a snow covered landscape with light fixtures and a red fence .
"people hiking through an icy , hilly landscape ."
"three men , dressed in rain gear are standing on the dock of a boat preparing to clean fish ."
the dog owner attempts to retrieve the frisbee from her pet .
a group of men and women eating and drinking .
a man and woman are standing on the stairwell
a group of children standing around a statue in a lobby .
children sit on a wall inside a cemetery .
one man takes a picture while another looks on in a foreign storefront .
a female singer is performing on stage .
a man is sitting at a table pointing while two females look at him .
a girl walking down the sidewalk at night
three people standing at a shoreline holding a big net .
people sitting around a table with menus and wineglasses .
a person wearing the clothing of a teenager and a backpack lies face down on a padded bench .
a man wearing a gray shirt is feeling his beard .
men and women standing on a board and putting siding up .
a man is sitting on a bicycle laden down with boxes .
a man playing a guitar and singing with another man
a woman looking at pictures in a photo album .
two young men wrestling each other in the middle of a field .
a skateboarder is doing a trick in midair .
several men and woman dressed in orange vests walking down a snow-covered road in winter .
two women sitting on the floor making blankets .
a man in a red shirt is being serviced by a working old woman in a store .
three men weigh fish as they come off the boat on a scale by the coast .
maintenance or construction workers on a work site on a busy city street
older women in a blue sweater playing the piano by the window .
an older man tipping his hat while standing in a group of people .
a group of professionals sitting around a table .
one man pitches to a waiting batter as they play in a parking lot .
a man is standing outside of a house with a snow shovel .
a man in a black cape faces off against a young boy in a tracksuit .
a neighborhood is covered in snow .
a man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue .
pottery can be enjoyed by even the very young at heart .
children are getting sprayed by a water sprinkler .
man kneels on roof of car and helps unload wood .
"a young girl in a long pink floral dress and matching headscarf is walking outside and carrying two large , filled , white cloth bags , one in each hand ."
"a true cowboy , this man holds on during an exciting rodeo moment ."
"in a park scene , one man is jumping over an object on a skateboard while another man kneels with a camera to take a photo of the jump ."
a young woman wearing a turtleneck and black jacket is smiling for a picture .
a woman is posing next to a cage full of stuffed sharks with cartoons painted on the wall behind her .
two guys practicing how to do a handshake .
little girl with brown snow jacket and purple snow pants is playing in the snow with a red shovel .
a shirtless man is holding a face mask .
an elderly man picks up pieces of broken barbie dolls .
"in the ikea store , a man sits on a chair ."
a group of ladies walking along a sidewalk next to a blue and white wall .
two boys in huge bubbles on the water .
"2 infants , 1 in hot pink jacket and other in pink and blue flower jacket hugging in the snow ."
walking home on a cold winters day .
a group of people in a rush to get to work .
two men in clown makeup are performing a musical skit on stage .
a woman is singing on a stage while a man in clown makeup plays guitar .
a baby is sleeping and sucking his finger .
four band members play on a red stage in front of a big heart .
three musicians perform on a stage lit with red lights .
a woman with a backpack and a aqua green shirt with her hand on her head and her hair pulled up looking over a few hills .
a child plays in the snow with a green shovel .
a man in a black and white striped shirt sleeps on a concrete bench .
two little girls are riding one bicycle .
a woman in a black tank top and shorts walks along side water while listening to her headphones .
a man dressed in black is playing the harmonica .
a man examining what appears to be food in a kitchen .
a baseball player prepares to swing the bat at a pitched ball .
a baker dressed in white with a hairnet works with dough using a long pole .
two females sitting on a stairwell in a mostly white tiled building .
man in dark clothes as he stands in front of a lighted christmas tree in the shadows .
a man standing in front of an oven with bread in it .
"a man , wielding a knife , is looking at food on a rotisserie while others look on ."
a very young child is wearing a white costume around its head .
an asian man is sitting down with wires coming down with a suitcase beside him with pictures of women on it .
two males walking away from a bench .
a woman in a black sweatshirt is pouring liquid detergent into a washer in a laundromat .
black dog running through a grassy area .
a woman who has just finished her dance performance3 .
a brown-haired male singing while playing a guitar .
a female gymnast is upside down with her legs in a split position .
two policemen are riding bikes on the street .
"two young girls with long hair smiling with rosey cheeks , one with a red shirt , one with a white shirt while hiding behind a wall ."
two people carry their bags down an unpaved road .
"a boy is walking in the snow with his dog and holding his snowboard while an older man , presumably his father , follows behind in the background ."
a girl with white and red makeup holding a red umbrella .
a group of 4 people are walking along a path .
three men in a small boat are being lowered toward the water .
child and adult wearing winter attire riding bicycles down the street .
two people sitting on a rock in a city park .
a brown dog is trying to catch a flying disk but missed it .
a man walking around the corner of a red building .
a man wearing pants is on a rock climb wall .
two women are eating food together .
a man in an orange jacket is looking at stones stacked in columns .
athlete throwing a javelin at a track and field event .
a sheepdog is being looked over by judges at a dog show .
a crowd watches as five dogs are judged at a dog show .
a man wearing a blue shirt stands on an orange ladder to fix a light
one person in blue leggings enjoying ice skating .
a woman on a bus that does not look very happy and the bus seems crowded .
many people at a dog show in a stadium .
people in line with their skis at a ski resort .
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .
three people in coats walking along a snow strewn trail on a mountain .
three people with their german shepherds walking on a green turf .
a child is staring outward from behind an iron latticed barrier .
a woman who is smiling is wearing a unique head ornament .
person dressed in dark clothing doing a flip into the snow along side the road .
a brown dog shows his teeth .
a beagle and a young blond child wearing a number 96 tag at an event .
the gentlemen with a snoopy jacket is painting the surrounding scenery beautifully .
a man and a woman in colorful costumes are performing a dance at night .
a young girl and a german shepard on a beach .
"a mother , her children , and their pet dog are on a beach and look like they are vacationing ."
an asian couple are standing by a fantasy poster .
three people in bodysuits are on the ground and appear to be screaming .
a man places his arm around his girlfriend at a conference .
a group of people in a room talking and sitting in chairs .
people serving themselves food at a buffet at night .
"a man in a white jacket is holding a boy , who is also wearing a white shirt , in his lap ."
two girls are playing a sport .
an older man is painting a landscape picture that is on an easel outdoors .
man sitting on a stone with a backpack and a scarf around his next looking as to be sad .
a man in a green plaid shirt performing some karaoke with a guitar in front of a small crowd .
a man speaking to a group of people .
"a man and a woman , both holding packets , talk to two seated men in a well-lit lobby area ."
speakers in a room full of people sitting in chairs .
a man in a white shirt and jeans using a chainsaw to cut down a tree
a kid with white jacket standing in snow .
two people taking their boat out in to the ocean .
a couple kiss in front of a large ice heart .
a seven person called the sun chasers is playing outside with a sign asking for donations .
a person in a red and gold costume is standing behind a man in black .
people in a bus which is heading to 84 peterson .
a man and a woman work with a tool on a log .
an old woman in headdress tills the soil of a field using a hoe .
a child looks at a lizard in another child 's  hand .
while singing into the microphone the man in the black shirt plays an acoustic guitar .
"two men , one pitcher and one umpire , are outside playing baseball ."
a male snowboarder wearing orange and blue standing atop a blue table at a ski resort .
a group of people gather in a park during the winter .
a woman rests on the curb of a city street while talking on her cellphone .
a man is walking on a sidewalk that is under construction .
"two young boys are playing the game  "" twister ""  and have placed their hands and feet on blue and green patches ."
several people running a race .
the man wearing a blue helmet is riding a polaris .
"a young girl doing crafts , while a few people stand around and watch ."
a woman with a black belt is doing some form of martial arts .
a woman sitting at a spinning loom .
a young indian boy is blowing bubbles with a classic bubble blower .
a lone fisherman is on his boat checking his net .
a woman from india origin standing while making yarn .
people gathered around an olive vendor at a farmers market .
a man in a dark green jacket is hitching a black horse to a black pole .
mountain climbing down the side of a rocky cliff .
a business event is taking place with an attractive blond woman smiling at the camera with her phone in her hand .
people are walking down a street with a yellow moped in the fore-ground .
an ice skater holds the korean flag while waving to the fans .
a woman wearing number 145 is running a race .
a hispanic man wearing black is holding the hand of a dancing women who is dancing .
four children sitting in a pastel-colored classroom .
this is the image of six asian children with tambourines .
a child in a denim jacket plays house .
a young girl standing in front of a row of yellow chairs .
four women interact at a conference .
a woman is holding her neck and watching something .
a dark-haired woman on her cellphone holds a little girl wearing a bright pink dress .
a homeless man is lying on the ground with his stuff strewn around .
joggers in a race on a cold day .
"a large group of people in a room , smiling and laughing ."
a group of women stand all looking toward the same direction .
people are clapping their hands after the speech .
a woman in black puts her arm around another woman while their photo is taken .
a marathon runner either starting or passing through a checkpoint at a fundraiser marathon .
a crowd of people prepare for a marathon .
runners are photographed as onlookers watch and take pictures of a run for haiti .
runners are competing in a marathon .
a woman is wearing ice skates and there are groups of people in the background .
a man is tossing an onion in the air in the kitchen .
a man and a woman walk down the street on a chilly morning .
several little girls are at a table painting .
a couple are dancing while others are watching a concert in a bandstand .
people running in a marathon .
a girl in a hat sit on a beach while talking on her cellphone .
the machine is digging a huge hole on the ground .
marathon runners are heading down a road by a park on a cold winter day .
runners compete on a cold day in the city .
a man walking barefoot looks on over a cliff as the sun is just above the horizon .
a bearded man wearing no t-shirt fixes his bicycle .
"people are in line at a white tablecloth-covered buffet , serving themselves food ."
two small children walk away in a field .
a group of young and older people gather around holding a peace knits quilt .
a piece of wall art that includes a tree
a little girl in a white sweater with polka dots is playing with a wooden tracked train set .
a little girl checking out her clothing .
two dark-haired men in orange shirts leaning on a desk next to a man in a uniform .
a happy child sits in the lap of a woman wearing a green shirt .
"a person in an orange shirt is laying on the ground while others are standing around her , smiling ."
children performing on a stage with tents in the background .
"there are three boys on stage with podiums in front of them , they are preparing for a speech ."
two boy scouts in jeans act on a stage with tents .
five guys are sitting on a stage in front of two green tents behind a boy scouts of america banner .
boy scouts on a stage with a microphone
"a young boy scout sits in a camping chair in front of a green tent , indoors ."
a man is walking in a bright yellow jacket .
a young oriental girl in a pink and gray striped shirt nibbles at a strawberry as she looks to her right at something behind the camera .
two people having a picnic by a lake .
a man in an orange vest is standing next to a yellow canoe .
a group of boy scouts giving a demonstration .
a group of boy scouts are standing in line .
two teen boys in boy scout uniforms .
a group of 5 boy scouts standing on a stage .
three young boy acting in a play .
"two metal cages , one containing two rabbits , the other containing cardboard boxes ."
blue milk crates sitting on a dock by a boat .
two people standing on the beach on a cloudy day posing for the camera .
a man with glasses typing on his laptop computer
vendors sit at a street market with jars of goods that are red and green .
man in hospital bed with oxygen tubes in his nose .
"two men , and one girl are wearing life jackets and swimming in the water ."
a man is in a superstore shopping for a hawaiian shirt .
"two adults , two children , and two dogs are sitting on a sofa ."
a man in deep thought while the woman wits with much patience .
four medium-sized dogs wrestle with each other on a grass field .
a girl is hiding behind a painted wooden structure inside a building .
a woman in a white dress is trying to give a man in a suit bunny ears .
a young boy is sitting on stairs with a book .
"a little boy is looking out the balcony surrounded by plants , a toy bike , and plant pots ."
a man is riding a bike with many different objects on it .
"a person wearing a striped shirt , blue jeans and blue sneakers stands on a rock in a brook ."
two men on a traffic light making faces .
two men playing table tennis in a room with lower lighting .
the men are putting together the metal frame .
a woman sells vegetables out of a mobile street cart .
a woman talks on a cellphone while walking along side a man .
a person in a yellow shirt is talking to a young girl .
man with white helmet burning rubber of his black and green motorcycle
a woman watches a brown dog run away from a house across the grass .
a man standing in front of a blue wall looking down while smoking .
a man with an umbrella takes photos during a very snowy day .
three kids running in a field around bikes
"a young man wearing glasses , a black shirt and white cap is eating pizza and bread ."
a man steps up on a step from a sidewalk .
"a group of three men and two woman sitting at a table that has food , drinks , and a game on it ."
"a small girl covering her eyes in a yellow shirt , outdoors ."
two people riding a motorcycle through a very crowded street .
parade outside with lots of light and color .
"an older looking woman is taking notes in a lecture hall at a university , with younger looking students in the background ."
"a woman sitting at a table , taking a picture ."
a man in a black coat is setting up his camera to take pictures with .
women in robes walk across a marble floor .
a man wearing a white hat is being stomped by a brown horse .
"cowboy riding a bucking horse , while two guys watch from the gate ."
a man wearing a balloon hat holds up colored cut-out drawings of two men .
people strolling through an indoor market .
a man is standing on pavement holding a stick in his hand .
people are photographing a building .
a group of people are around a pile of garbage .
a woman is sowing an indian artifact for an upcoming festival .
a group of people in white hazmat suits standing in front of black trash bags .
two women compete in a hurdle event .
two young mothers are visiting at the dining room table while keeping an eye on their youngsters .
a group of people are looking at a cute little dog .
a woman in a white blouse is pouting while a man in a black shirt looks on .
a guy working in a factory .
a man on an empty sidewalk near a structure with a backwards ec .
a child hides under a piece of furniture .
people are standing around on a basketball court in an arena .
a young girl kisses the lips of her mother .
a black man with a red mask is carrying a box .
"a ballerina dressed in yellow is dancing , on a stage ."
a boy in a red poncho is reading while leaning on a pole .
woman in black walks with child past a wall mural of a arid landscape .
"a man with a pierced eyebrow is looking at a laptop screen , while a cat is in the background ."
two roommates are trying to fix the sink in the kitchen .
a lady in a red cap serving food to the community .
two men in a room talking to each other .
a man gesturing with his hands in a room full of computers .
man helping women with laptop in classroom .
a child is outside flying with a lot of balloons in his hands .
an asian man standing next to a door points to something .
a young man is standing in front of a group holding a few papers .
man holding a book and looking away from book .
young women with fur coat and hat walking out of the bar .
someone is hoisting another person onto a carousel .
two men playing guitar on stage with two female background singers .
a man preparing a white volkswagen to be towed by a aaa certified tow-truck .
"a man wearing a black shirt , and a man in a hat are performing in a concert ."
an woman cutting and selling fish .
a group of young adults standing inside near a pabst blue ribbon beer display .
an older guitar player is playing guitar on stage .
a man and young boy are in a river close to a sandy shore .
man with dark blue apron taking an order
2 men wearing neutral color clothes have a conversation over a meal .
a man reading a newspaper in a laundromat .
a room of asian students are working in groups at desks in a classroom .
a man with a gray jacket and blue jeans speaks into a microphone while facing a crowd .
a woman in a red outfit is jogging next to several street signs .
male guitar player on stage in a black shirt .
a man wearing a dark shirt is sitting next to a white hat and sleeping .
a person in a red sweater is sail boating .
"a young woman with red-hair , dressed in purple is holding an envelope as she walks on a city sidewalk ."
several people wearing baskets on their backs are standing next to each other .
young white people side in a slightly dark room .
a man in a leather jacket and cowboy hat holds his hand out on the street .
young child in a white jacket standing in front of a bike .
gloved man holding a bird of prey .
a man in a purple outfit milking reindeer with a forest in the background .
guy takes a break from carrying bags up steps and enjoys a cup-o-noodles .
"two men , one wearing a yellow shirt and the other a blue shirt , are playing frisbee on a field ."
three people are playing frisbee at a park .
a woman sitting in a tan chair beside of a dog while smiling at the camera .
the police arresting someone on a busy city street .
a young man with la on his cap paints a turtle on a green background .
a woman poses in a kicking position .
a man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table .
a patriot dresses himself and his horse with the colors of the american flag for a flashy display .
a tan dog hangong on to a white plushie toy .
a woman is riding a bicycle on the beach .
a young woman in a trench coat carries a plastic bag down the sidewalk .
"an adult and child are playing monopoly , the child is covering his face with his hand ."
"a few people walk the beach , shot taken from high-altitude"
man is sitting on top of the balcony and viewing the beautiful city .
a woman in a pink bikini and a man in black swim trunks are jumping in the water at the beach .
a green building with two people sitting out front .
a person is riding a horse down a dirt trail .
"sandy beach , people walking , laying , sitting , a kite is flying ."
a cook in a black shirt and checkered bandanna cooks on an industrial style stove .
"a group of 4 people do various activities from playing guitar , to using a computer ."
a cowboy on a bucking bronco in the process of being thrown off the back .
men in rink with one man on out of control horse .
a waterskier is air-borne above the water near a background of tall palm trees .
a person wearing a coat and carrying an umbrella is leaving home .
dark man uses a screwdriver to break into a window in an alley .
two oriental people are seated a table at a restaurant .
tan colored dog jumping over a branch in the forest .
two women having a meal together at a restaurant .
a man and woman are sitting close together on a green bench .
a young man smoking at a park .
a man is leaning against the railing on the third floor of a terminal .
a woman in a yellow shirt at a train station .
here is a picture of a girl wearing a shirt half ways up and standing behind a woman who is looking down .
a small child getting a taste of dessert mix .
a small child in a pink shirt is standing at a counter mixing something in a bowl .
a woman holds a microphone as she sings .
"an african-american man , wearing a green hat , is sitting outside next to a trunk ."
"four individuals walk down a street , with two holding hands and one holding a guitar ."
a woman in a brown jacket laughing at something a friend is saying to her .
two men at the curling arena .
a man in a red collared shirt talks enthusiastically into a microphone .
a couple stands in front of a brick wall holding shopping bags .
a man in red looks into the stall of a seller at a market .
a man with a red beard wearing a green miller hat .
a woman in a green tank top holding a purse opens her mouth and looks excited .
a person with a red umbrella walking down a snowy street .
"a man is washing his hair , brushing his teeth , and shaving at the same time ."
a man is walking out a truck while carrying furniture .
many people gather to watch a new invention .
woman in blue pants walks past brick wall with graffiti .
a woman in a black beret and leopard print tights sits on a bench .
kids waiting for the parade in the street .
a woman in a white uniform is sorting nuts behind a glass counter .
a woman wearing pink sweatshirt cutting cheese with knife .
four police officers standing on a street with a clown walking in front of them .
two ladies all dressed up and partying on the street .
if this equipment works properly i should be able to pick up every single speck .
a man on the chair is advertising or sharing info .
a man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans wooden floor while another one helps him on the background .
a man is waiting to cross the intersection .
two older persons standing on a city sidewalk with a dog on a leash .
male sitting in a chair at a outdoor cafe smoking a cigarette .
"a snowboarder , wearing a blue jacket and green pants , snowboards down a hill ."
a man reflects during a moment at a social gathering .
a brown dog swims in the murky water .
an elderly man takes a photo with a phone .
a couple dressed in winter coats admire framed photos on a white wall .
religious men in burgundy clothing walk down the street .
"a woman with a bike is looking at a statue , the statue is a display for an asian restaurant ."
a man shovels snow off of the sidewalk .
two men are in conversation with one looking off in the distance .
a policeman rides on a motorcycle on a city street .
several people are sitting in a dining area with blue lights above them .
a gymnast is balanced upside down on a bar .
"runners , some in costume , in a st paddy 's  day marathon run in the streets as people watch ."
a woman is holding on to a bar while doing gymnastics .
a girl in a purple leotard is being hugged by a girl in a blue and purple outfit .
a man is walking down a street with bicycles behind him .
two people are standing face to face on a bridge near a major city .
two men talking as seen from an overhead shot .
a woman is hugging another women from behind her .
two people are having an intimate conversation on the side of the road .
"a brunette in a shirt plaid shirt and knee-high socks , with green beads wrapped around her wrists ."
lady digging through dumpsters during a snowy day .
a woman wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot .
a woman is walking down a cold street .
here is the apartment buildings and a vendor selling ice cream outside of them .
women wearing a pink shirt selling donuts in a park .
a man is sitting while he reads the times sport newspaper .
two people walk towards a person with three miniature horses .
a sculpture works on one of his pieces .
a man strolls along a palm treed walkway .
two people in costume one green one purple both with white face paint .
two russian women talk while a third walks by in the foreground .
two children are hugging while on a swing above a scenic view .
"a guy in an orange shirt , orange shoes and brown hat on an airborne skateboard ."
an airplane high in the sky with a man walking on the ground .
two people street cleaning by hand and with machine .
a man in a gray coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest .
a man is asleep on a red bench
two people are organizing a large amount of food outside along a busy street .
a person is walking by an old building .
a white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow .
2 swimmers in mid flight doing a dive into a pool
a woman in a blue winter jacket is pushing a shopping cart through snow .
a woman hands out fliers to people walking by .
"a boy wearing a red  "" i love ny ""  shirt waves to someone to his right ."
people walk in front of the ornate brick building .
"a man and a woman , both in hats , stand on the sidewalk in a busy city ."
homeless man wearing thick jacket looks at his food .
a woman in sunglasses and a hat standing on the street with a special offer sandwich board on her .
a woman with glasses sitting near on top the side of a hill and next to vehicles for that terrain .
a woman with a black jacket and red scarf and leggings walks with a man while another passes and looks back at them .
a lady standing by a tree looking at her phone .
a small boy grins in a crowd full of people posing with their eyes closed in a sleeping position .
a man in uniform stands at an entrance .
two young people smile at the camera while walking their dog .
a man is doing a jump as he snowboards down a mountain .
"a man and a woman , both in white hats , khaki pants and dark jackets are crossing the street ."
a young woman walking down the rainy streets in a red parka .
a sign is posted in times square warning that jesus is coming soon .
pitcher about to pitch the ball .
a person hiking at the foot of snowcapped mountains .
a student walking on a sidewalk near a campus .
a man sits outside at a wooden table and reads a book while ducks eat in the foreground .
a little girl in pink clothes holding yellow rods .
a little boy in an oversized cap is eating a popsicle .
"a group of four men are walking along a beach , as a woman in a blue bikini looks on ."
"a man carrying a load of fresh direct boxes on car with wheels in the city streets , as a woman walks towards him ."
a man crossing the street during a cold winter day .
a young girl is eating as she sits at a table full of food .
man recording a video of a woman .
a woman in a black jacket talking on the phone on a street corner .
an elderly man reads a newspaper on a city sidewalk .
"this man is wearing a shirt that says  "" coolest dad in the world ""  ."
adults playing soccer out of uniform .
a girl wearing red shorts and sandals is sitting outside on a railing smirking .
a woman sitting in a chair looking into a mirror .
a dark-haired woman being fitted for a white dress by a red-haired woman .
a group of young adults playing twister .
a woman with a headband on is eating and a man is watching her eat .
a woman puts new groceries on the table .
three men are sitting under a blue tent on chairs .
"a group of people are standing together , posing for a picture ."
several people are sitting in a public space on a bench .
a man sits down next to a rusty wall .
black man on sitting in the foreground while a dark-skinned woman wearing a yellow dress walks in the background with something in her hand near her face .
a man in a narrow ally works next to a shop while a cat looks on .
several men in coats and jackets on a city street .
a man in a white hood holding a cat .
people pass a homeless person with a blanket and red hood on an icy street .
a man excitedly pushing in lawn mower in the backyard of a house .
a woman is walking with a stroller in front of a building .
two older men playing soccer with four children that are trying to score a goal .
two men drinking beer in front of a fence .
a group of people sitting in lawn chairs .
a street is almost deserted with yellow sign opened up beside a white line .
people stand on a train platform underground .
a woman is intently reading a paper on the subway .
image of an asian city with people walking down the sidewalk .
two mounted police officers make their way down the street .
a cyclist approaches the underside of a bridge between buildings .
a lady wearing a dark outfit and carrying a white bag is walking along a street .
he is walking with a brown coat .
a man on a bicycle wearing an orange and black sweatshirt is carrying a long bunch of sticks .
a man wearing a red tie and suit is speaking to a crowd .
a young girl wearing a blue jacket is stepping into a puddle .
a man is sitting and using his cellular phone .
a young male in shorts standing under a wooden structure in shallow water .
people are walking along a busy city street .
a woman wearing a headscarf is walking down the street towards a driveway entrance .
two soccer teams are competing on a soccer field .
compact cars line the streets and a series of tents is set up along one sidewalk .
a woman is crossing the sidewalk with 3 small girls holding hands .
a man and a woman are closely examining a fishing pole together by a large body of water .
a woman wearing a black dress crosses the street .
a classroom full of kids sitting at blue desks .
people stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
"a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is seated by the road hitchhiking , backdropped by a field of flowers and a large green tree ."
a woman in green is shacking the hand of a man in a suit .
a large group of people standing behind a podium on the stairs of a congress building .
nancy pelosi is giving a speech .
two men and a woman sit on a brown bench with a brown dog .
a man flips in the air before a crowd of onlookers .
"five people , a man and four women , are being pulled in a cart by a mule on a sunny day ."
a city street with a metal bench occupied by a woman in black .
a bald man is getting out of a small blue car .
"some people are walking , sitting , or riding bikes ."
a little girl with a white shirt playing a violin .
children in a green classroom are raising their hands .
a group of black children sits behind red desks in a classroom .
"a van with flags advertising floats , boogie boards , umbrellas , chairs , and surfboards ."
people walking down a busy city street in the winter .
"two donkeys pulling a cart , carrying green bushes , as well as carrying people on it ."
three small children in white shirts are playing by a rock .
"a child driving his power wheels car down the street , followed by his dad ."
"an elderly woman dressed in a jacket , gloves and sunglasses is pushing a basket on a busy city street ."
two elderly women speak to each other .
two men wearing a hat are holding on to their bikes .
construction is occurring on a large cathedral .
"man playing piano outside , with 3 observers , near lamp post , palm trees and large building ."
a police officer a new york church .
three people walking down the street in an asian community .
young men play a game of rugby on the beach .
several adults and a dog sitting on some white stone steps near a shallow pool
a blond woman is looking down while others sit in the background .
a man in a cowboy hat is sitting down and reading a book .
a man in a leather biker jacket walks the sidewalk carrying a large backpack .
a boy is laying on a grassy slope and a girl is next to him reading .
"two brunette women in stylish , sexy dresses posing for a picture ."
a blond woman dressed in black is holding a camera and staring at something on the ground .
a white car is parked next to a tree that has red bark .
a man with a hat his holding two frisbees outside .
a man and a woman are talking in a park
a young asian woman looks at the screen of her cellphone in a white coat .
two guys doing some karate moves on a mat .
a brunette woman wearing a black leather jacket is holding a purple handbag on a sidewalk .
a man with tan pants rollerblading .
a man with curly hair and a beard walking in a crowd .
welcome to our beautiful place and enjoy .
a man in the desert is sitting on a horse which has lots of decorations .
a large bonfire is burning at dusk .
two ladies walk down a street wearing black lingerie and green skirts with garter belts .
man with helmet rock climbing in a snowy area .
a redheaded female and brown-haired male wearing glasses stroll together .
a crowd gathers outside a beautiful building with a fountain .
three little boys looking at the camera while one of them plays on a homemade drum .
several young women walk near blossoming cherry trees .
a group of young people walking with two talking on cellphones .
two groups of boys are playing a sport together involving a ball
a group of people crossing a street in the rain holding an umbrella .
five people and a red telephone booth .
three people are standing by a wall next to a white building
"two people are sitting in the park , on a cold winter day ."
a man wearing overalls and a hat is playing acoustic guitar outside .
a bird sitting on a telephone line .
two women jog down the sidewalk in front of a gas station .
a girl in a black shirt sits alone on the ground .
a woman wearing a tan coat is getting out of a small red car .
"people are relaxing on cement stairs with grass , while others walk by ."
3 friends hanging out in the park on the grass .
a street performer in a white shirt and blue jeans draws in a crowd .
the baby is tired of the hike he took with his parents .
a blond woman in heels strolls past the cemetery .
a man in an orange shirt in front of picture of a man holding his face and squeezing his cheeks together .
a little boy is wearing a snorkel in a bathtub .
a man in black staring down at the sidewalk with shadows .
several people standing below a clock tower with two clock faces .
a man in a gray jacket and black knit hat walking in front of a gray roll-up garage door .
a man appears to be reaching for a woman 's  drink in an office .
a woman in a purple top and jeans talking to a woman in a roller derby .
a person with a yellow jacket carrying 3 oranges in a plastic bag .
shes feeding a goat with goat food .
a blond woman is listening to headphones outside .
a man in a white trench coat with a bag trying to make a phone call on a pay phone .
a person playing the accordion on a bridge .
a group of people and children are walking along a walkway .
a man in native clothing passes by a shoe store .
"a woman , wearing shorts and a tank top , tries to scale a rock face using climbing gear ."
a girl is toweling herself on a deck at the beach .
there is a person standing a mountain that has some interesting shapes .
a goat is looking at two boys just outside its pen .
a small male child in a gap shirt sitting on a blue tractor .
women standing in doorway at night next to train tracks
a woman in black in enjoying the cool and refreshing waterfall .
a soccer player wearing a gray shirt and black pants throwing a soccer ball .
a man is looking at a tv screen in a restaurant .
an abandoned 'cafe express' sign is now covered in graffiti .
a man in a hat is walking in a city while looking to the left .
evening commuters walk past buses lining a city street .
a man is in a boat with two other men paddling the water .
a man and a woman stare at the entrance-way to some catacombs .
two men wearing white shirts wearing helmets while riding a bike .
a man wearing dirty clothes is sleeping on the sidewalk .
a bunch of kids in canoes on a river .
four women are outside of a chinese store .
people are riding bikes next to a blue and green bus .
man laying on a partially built house .
"a woman in plaid pants stands on a ski slope , ready to descend ."
a doctor consoles a sports player injured .
a man and two women eating and drinking in a kitchen .
boys in uniform wait outside a building .
an elderly women in a coat walking down the street .
an old woman with a cane walking next to a car .
a man looking over the balcony of a modern building .
two girls in green sweatshirts pose outside .
a group of people walking across the street some carrying large black and red flags .
the aged woman sits while wearing her pink-lensed glasses .
a group of children are outside dressed in blue in a fenced in area .
people staring up at the fair .
"a boy in a blue jacket points something out to his mother , also wearing a jacket , as they walk through a colorful carnival scene ."
small child laying on a hardwood floor .
a row of red bicycles are parked on the street .
a child poses his head through a hole in a painted wall .
"two men photograph pink flowers , one with a small digital camera and one with a larger lens ."
a small quaint town all lit up during the holiday season .
person in a red hat walking on a sidewalk on a snowy day .
an older man is playing a saxophone .
man with a shaved head and beard poses on a expansive beach with an orange sand bucket on his head .
a construction worker is blowing debris off the sidewalk
"a man , dresses in white , holds a can while he walks on brick pavement ."
a man in a green jacket is playing a fairground game .
a woman in a blue jacket is walking next to a poster of two green figures that look like men .
the black and brown dog is running through the snow .
down looking men are hanging out on the side of the road .
man in brown suit walking towards camera near row of cars .
the dashboard of a car with a brown dog toy and a pink doll .
a man in a jacket sits and snoozes on a green park bench .
a man and a young blond boy using plastic interactive toys outside .
a girl is singing while jumping in the air .
a couple covered in paint caught the attention of those in front of them at the fruit stand .
a us postal mailbox covered in graffiti .
men in turbans watch while one grips a camel by the throat .
young man hard at work over by the lake .
a woman is walking in the snow with a polka dot umbrella .
three men walking on a sidewalk in a city .
three workers are walking out of their secured building at the end of the day .
woman with pink shirt sitting in chair .
a woman with a black purse walking into the street while a man on in a business suit is walking on the left .
a man is speaking a presentation while others watch a slide show .
the guy in the dark suit at the podium is pointing to the powerpoint screen .
a limo driving down a street in a graffiti-laden neighborhood .
a closeup of a woman walking while wearing a black and blue tank top with sunglasses on top of her head .
a woman standing on the sidewalk with her hands in her pockets .
a group of people are passing through the town square .
several adults walk down a stone-paved walkway in europe .
a person pushing luggage and someone on the cellphone in a city .
"an old woman on a cold day , outside a sports store somewhere in brazil ."
a woman in sunglasses is standing next to an orange sign that reads roadwork ahead .
a man in a city is crossing the street pushing a cart .
three young boys are dressed in hoodies facing the same way .
a man holding walking in the street looking away from a beggar .
a man with a backpack is walking down the sidewalk in front of a red brick building .
a lady in a white tank top is walking holding something in her hands .
"four people , three men and one woman , are working on their computers ."
a cop wearing a high-visibility vest is holding a stop sign .
a woman wearing black is carrying a container of food .
an elderly couple reads a map on a park bench .
an old man in a coat and hat sitting on a park bench .
these woman are watching people play tennis from a bench .
a kiteboarder wearing a helmet and goggles rides across a snowy landscape .
two young children looking at fresh lobster in the grocery store .
a man in red walking in front of a wall of windows .
a woman sitting inside a train car .
a bicyclist waiting for traffic to pass so he can cross the street .
a small child playing in a dusty square .
a woman holds a frozen pop sickle and keys in her right hand .
two women walking around in a city .
a man in a uniform sits on a chair with a rifle at his side .
old woman in white cutting colorful craft like sheets .
an older woman with a cane is walking with a sign around her neck .
a man is painting a picture while on the sidewalk of the street .
older female walking down city sidewalk in a yellow jacket holding a black zales bag .
a woman sitting by a garbage can .
a middle-aged man is reading the newspaper and drinking starbucks coffee in the park .
an old man on a train reading a newspaper .
a man in a black jacket sitting on a bus with earphones .
"a street vendor with dark hair and glasses , sitting on a folding chair ."
a few people walking in the distance of a small town .
a man is pushing a bicycle powered cart down the brick street .
three male students work in a lab with one of them looking through a microscope .
a group of friends walking down the sidewalk .
three woman look back at the camera that 's  in the rear seat of a van as the driver drives down the road .
a red-haired woman in a black coat in front of a sign .
an elderly man wearing a black jacket and blue jeans is sitting on a bench while looking at his phone .
a woman is reading a magazine while sitting at a table .
"a young man at a party shouts out , his fists raised with emotion ."
two brown dogs rough house outside .
an older man is cutting the hair of a customer in his barber shop with floral walls .
a man in a red jacket smiles as he holds a bicycle over his head .
a man in a blue shirt is laying on rocks in the sun .
a woman speaks into a microphone at a social gathering .
"lot of cars on the street , and one man on the bicycle ."
an older woman rides a bicycle across the street in front of a large green building .
an attractive young lady out in public is glancing sideways at something off-camera .
several men and women gather at a sporting event .
a cart with an umbrella sits between two men .
a man in a red jacket and helmet is riding a bike .
an african-american male youth is riding a green bicycle while other people are looking at pictures on a board .
a car gets ticketed for a parking violation .
"an indian family stands together , ankle-deep in a body of water , looking out ."
four musicians playing guitars in a club .
a man with a yellow hat on is leaning on a wall of some sort .
several people walking up a set of outdoor stairs .
a child in a black coat runs across a graffiti covered bridge .
two people are standing in a flower shop .
one man is walking 11 dogs at the same time .
a trio of girls dressed to go to a party
a sitting woman is laughing beside a man in a blue jacket .
children sitting on rock in the desert
"a group of boys wearing sleeveless white shirts , one is drinking from a white cup ."
a blond girl and brunette girl walking .
"three men working on a roof , while one man is climbing up the ladder ."
a young boy works the soil in his yard .
a man with a black hat is walking with a riffle .
happy mom flipping her daughter around and both smiling ear to ear .
a male and a female in lightly colored clothing are dancing .
"middle-aged man , with a leather jacket , standing in a misty parking lot ."
volunteers are in this picture with their dog searching for a missing girls last known playing in the woods .
a shirtless young boy sits on the top of a pile of rocks .
"an elderly woman , a younger woman , a young boy , and a black furred dog walking on a dirt road in a forest ."
a woman and a boy enjoying a walk in woods .
a woman and a younger child are walking in the woods .
a woman walking by a minivan and camper in the woods .
children are playing on a playground set with one another .
a man dressed in civil war era clothing holds a musket .
an artist wearing a red gingham scarf works on a painting of a tower .
a girl in a pink hat sits on the ground .
"a woman walks past a garage door that says  "" no parking any time. "" "
a boy skateboarding down a steep incline .
man in red shirt and blue jeans is adjusting his fly .
a man walking in a white robe .
"two large men are dressed in black t-shirts , khaki bottoms , boots , and jewelry with hardware ."
a man plays music with a sword and a bow .
the man in the red shirt pretends to play the violin with an umbrella .
a woman with a large purse and boots walking in a marble-looking hall .
two dogs wearing shirts play in the green grass .
two cyclists are racing down a street .
a man and woman sit on a bench .
four people are walking through a city .
people are running in some type of marathon while passing blue signs .
a woman in a gray dress is walking .
three girls walking down the street while the one in the middle bounces a black basketball .
a man in a orange robe is sitting on the passenger seat of a motorcycle .
"four people going down from the electric stairs , wearing very warm clothes ."
a group of people are having lunch in a crowded cafe .
a child in a white hoodie runs towards a flock of white birds .
a couple holding hands walks down a street .
a woman in black with a red umbrella walks towards a cathedral on a paved street .
a woman is pushing a boy in a wagon near a sidewalk .
a man in blue jeans paints a mural onto a light blue background .
people gathered around at an outdoor event .
a woman sitting at a table carefully looking at her apple laptop screen .
pair of women holding umbrellas walking down a street in wet weather .
person in a blue anorak reading a large sign standing on a train platform .
a santa cruz fire dept. engine outside a gap store .
a sad little boy sitting at a table with a blue tablecloth eating chocolate ice cream .
"a group of cars , buses , and cycles clog a street ."
four people with scooters in front of a very large metal gate .
a woman holding a yellow umbrella in the rain .
here is a girl in boots walking with her backpack under an umbrella in the rain .
"a shirtless , tattooed man wearing a hate is carrying a skateboard ."
the restaurant staff is setting up the dining room for a meal .
an older gentlemen in red walks by an individual wearing all blue .
"two children , one in a red jacket and another in a blue jacket , are sitting in a tire swing ."
a doctor with his assistants are working under a tent .
group of doctors are gathered around a patient in a operating room .
an african american woman carrying yellow fruit on her head walking away from a building .
"two women , one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt , are crossing a busy street with pans on top of their heads ."
a blond women wears a jacket with an eye on it .
"pedestrians bombard a city street covered in consumerism , including signs for burger king , mcdonalds , subway , and heineken ."
a dog jumps and catches a blue ball in his mouth .
the woman in the purple bikini and pink top is wearing a safety helmet .
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .
a woman in a brown sweatshirt and jeans is taking a picture of a guy with a beard while another woman texts on her phone nearby .
a person is sitting on a chair while listening to music .
a dread-locked photographer in a suit takes pictures of a group of young children sitting on the ground .
dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field .
a man in a t-shirt is playing chess .
a man carries a trash bag along with his cane .
two people on a bicycle wearing large helmets with the person in back dressed in purple standing on footrests at the back of the bike .
a man in a yellow safety jacket and blue jeans is on his cellphone .
"a woman holding a yellow bag in front of a  "" welcome to aberdeen ""  sign ."
a older male is working on a snow truck .
a woman with a camera as many people behind her walk across the water on a walkway .
the children 's  ski class is lined up listening to the instructor .
a woman walks down a city street with an umbrella .
a woman painting with a roller .
a man and a woman sit outside - the woman is wearing a fur coat and the man looks professional with a tie .
a man riding on a motorcycle sideways in japan .
a little baby wearing a pink jacket with a hood and orange pants is running .
a group of hiply dressed young adults relax together .
"a boy playing in the waves , with a seagull in the foreground ."
a man wearing all black walking down the sidewalk looking at his i-pod .
a man is reading a newspaper sitting in a train .
two men are walking down the street going in opposite directions .
a woman posing with a kid in the background playing with bubbles .
a man standing in a large room by a window .
woman in white hat and blue cape stands near shopping cart on a busy street .
a young woman with beige pants is walking a dog .
cars drive under a bridge while people walk up above .
a young indian child holds a doll along a fence .
a man in a green sweater talks on the phone and holds a baby girl on his lap .
a woman in an overcoat is using her phone while standing outside of a building .
young couple peers at a storefront display under an umbrella in the rain .
are you coming with me for a cup of coffee ?
three people in a line crossing a street in front of a delicatessen .
this person is making ice cream cones .
"several people are walking while wearing coats , while one is riding a bike ."
there is 6 friends walking down the street .
two people in purple kiss next to a makeshift tent and campsite .
a group of people are conversing with one another .
2 man and a dog walking down a road next to fields
a construction worker moves a device along a rail in front of a construction site .
a person is eating a plate of pasta with a black and brown dog on his or her lap .
a man driving a scooter down a cobblestone road .
a man and boy sitting cross-legged on ground inspecting barbecue grill .
a man is walking by a diesel refilling station .
a woman in a green blouse stands in the road and looks at dark clouds gathering in the distance .
a man on the street drawing pictures of people .
a young black woman holds a sign offering free hugs among a crowd of people .
a boy wearing a red shirt and jeans tried to touch the chainsaw .
a man jumps with his bike in a parking lot next to a four story building .
two woman are having a conversation with an unknown individual on a sidewalk .
man with a red plastic nose and a striped sweater holding a glass ball .
two women are holding the butt of a naked man
a man in glasses is wearing a dark coat .
a man in a red shirt urinating outside by a tree .
"people sitting on a lower level of a walkway , while a different person is walking above them among the trees ."
an old man wearing glasses is holding a stick .
a group of people sitting at a table eating .
a black woman holding a flannel jacket and paper bag walks down the street .
a woman reading a book on a bench in a park .
an elderly man in a blue shirt is preparing food .
a man in a green jacket wearing glasses is carrying a bunch of flowers .
a parking lot with a bicyclist riding through it .
a man is standing in the middle of a road while talking on his cellphone .
a woman is holding green and gold pompoms .
one confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines .
a man and his girl are crossing the street .
"a person with a blue helmet on with black boots , who is riding a horse ."
"a man is sitting in an office , looking at a computer screen ."
a woman in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps .
shoppers walking on a busy city street .
"a woman wearing a gray coat , with brownish hair , is pulling a basket-like cart ."
one person rides the waves of the ocean .
a man waits at a bus stop with a pink lighthouse and a green boat in the background .
a dog is being squirted with water in the face outdoors .
"a mother and her two children in front of an old , worn-down building ."
a dog walks alone in a field .
a young man on a sail ski wearing a dry suit in the middle of a body of water
group of dogs walking and sniffing on gravel .
a younger woman sitting near a body of water with a dog .
a young man in sunglasses taking a break from his job .
a woman in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding man in a pinstriped suit .
a man in a blue suit is walking down the street .
a man in a diamond print sweater and jeans stands in the middle of a sidewalk listening to earbuds .
a woman with a yellow purse runs across a busy street .
a man dressed in black stands at a street corner near a crossing light .
a young woman in a blue hollister shirt and blue jeans .
three men wearing hats are sitting and drinking at a table .
a woman busily multitasking on the phone and computer .
a white bike is tied to a street sign .
a girl is concentrated reading on her ereader .
a man is sitting on a bench with his bike outside of the city .
a woman talking on a cellphone and holding an umbrella .
a boy in a blue shirt picks something up off of the ground while a crowd gathers .
a man sits and holds out a cup .
a woman is sitting on the road next to her bicycle .
a woman in black and a jeep in blue .
five children play in a flooded (or intentionally watered) playground .
a blond-haired woman is playing darts in a bar .
an older woman wearing sunglasses is looking through her purse in a crowded marketplace .
a woman walks across a porch with an axe .
"a group of men wearing white , blue , and black are marching outside with a giant cross ."
a hispanic man wearing a rosary is waiting for a cab .
a female barista wearing black is making coffee in a coffee shop .
a young boy and dark-haired man are taking pictures in opposite directions .
a dog is running through a field with its tongue hanging out .
"a long-haired woman leans on a stone railing , looking out at the sea ."
a small boy in a blue helmet playing with a yellow toy truck .
group of many people walking through a tunnel .
four people are at a pavilion getting drinks from two men .
two people are walking on a striped path .
a person is riding a quad through a field of mud that has several buildings behind it .
one girl tosses a softball to her team member on base .
a young man with a purple hat is laughing with gum in his mouth .
a man and a woman is by the signpost .
a middle-aged man is getting his head completely shaved by another middle-aged man with hair .
they are here to ensure no one crosses the barriers .
a man dressed all in black talks with a lady wearing a light blue dress and a white headscarf .
a man riding a cart being pulled by a donkey .
"boy , of age approximately 10 years old , lunging into pristine pool on hot summer day ."
two men stand and row a thin boat in the ocean .
two people are walking around in a busy street .
a man playing an accordion rides the new york city subway .
a man entering into a building as another man sits on a street on a cold day .
people preparing for a model airplane meet .
a dutch family gathers around an easter egg made up of flowers .
a man serves food at a food stand .
a female toddler wearing a pink shirt is playing on a playground .
in a forest a man and a woman discuss something .
men in soldier uniforms shoot guns into the air .
a small dog chewing on a black strap .
a woman in blue clothing smiling as people in the background walk by .
a woman dressed as the mermaid ariel next to a phone booth .
"two women in costume , one dressed as a mermaid , the other as a fairy , are handing out brochures ."
a little girl sitting on a bench with a ball under it .
a man in a white shirt is walking hand in hand with a woman also wearing white .
a clown in a red pointed hat creating balloon art .
a woman in a pink sweater sitting next to a man in a white windbreaker in front of a mobile food van .
man with shawl praying by a large lake and small boat .
a woman dressed as a mermaid in a purple seashell bra looks to her left .
a woman sleeps behind the counter of a shop .
three men are sitting next to each other and the man in the middle is reading a book .
six people on a cliff taking a picture of their of the water .
a man in a pink and white striped shirt holding the reins of a horse .
"a woman walking , carrying a shoegasm bag ."
a man is working with fire and tar to repair a roof .
two people with baseball jerseys who are jumping in the air .
a young man rides his bike on a surface covered in graffiti .
a juggler sitting by himself juggling bowling pins .
a boy sitting in a stroller with a blue hat and red mittens on .
people leaning against railing watching city .
a man in a plaid shirt is singing and playing the guitar .
a woman is playing a guitar .
a young boy in black pants and a blue shirt has just kicked a soccer ball .
a woman looking into the window of a french bakery .
an older woman with brown hair is walking her bike through a gate of a garden .
the ban in the black hat is playing charades with his friend .
a man wearing all black and a black hat is pouring a beverage into a cup .
a couple that looks like they are in love .
"there are 5 men in a small motor boat , behind them is a tropical jungle ."
a man and woman ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver points out landmarks .
the man in the middle raises his arms as he and the two women face the platform .
a man and two women sitting on a bench .
a child stand with an elderly women at the 96th street subway station .
people are sliding down a giant yellow and red slide .
a woman with earphones in her ears is walking down the street while a man talking on his cellphone is walking behind her .
the three girls are performing some kind of dance .
a girl in a red plaid shirt with blue jeans making a fist .
a girl leaps in the street at night while another girl watches .
"a person wearing a blue and yellow snowsuit , a blue helmet and snow goggles is moving down a snow covered incline ."
two boys stand in front of vending machines .
a frowning elderly person is walking and carrying a plastic bag
a woman and a man sitting on a couch inside a store .
a red-haired woman sits on a couch with her legs crossed .
a group of african men unloading a truck full of fresh fish .
a man in a white hat stand on the street holding colorful paper .
two men are playing instruments on a sidewalk .
"a long-haired woman dressed in a cap , jeans , and yellow shirt appears to be leading an unseen dog with a extendable leash ."
a couple of asian people eating ice cream cones .
a man wearing a gray jacket is playing the piano on the sidewalk .
two teenagers are staring across a table .
a young couple walk along a stream on a hot day .
a man wearing a gray t-shirt and jeans jumps in a living room .
a man with a mow-hawk holds several pieces of wooden furniture in a plastic tub at the street corner .
a girl in a bikini is taking a picture of a few people .
"the several people standing on the washington wells platform , waiting for a train ."
an athlete wearing neon green and orange snowboards over a tiny blue car .
two males are walking while a female is holding an umbrella with white polka dots .
several construction workers standing on a scaffold
a newborn boy is lying in an incubator with many tubes attached .
a young person is doing a trick on a bike .
a couple poses with their snowboards in the middle of a snowy timber .
blue semi truck and two gentleman standing in front of it .
a woman with a pierced nose is underneath a blue umbrella .
a man wearing a black coat is walking .
a yellow car is driving through the street with three pedestrians on a sidewalk .
a man carrying many bags of cans probably going to sell the for scraps .
a women` s hand and arm with blue fingernail polish and a tattoo that reads no regrets .
young girl with painted face and pigtails is sitting on a bench at water 's  edge .
a gentleman in a baseball cap is signing books for a couple of women .
"this girl is clad in a red snowsuit , climbing a tree ."
"after falling down into the snow , a young woman takes a photo of her friends in the distance ."
man standing besides street with guitar on his back .
a very tall woman in a very short orange dress strolls down an empty sidewalk .
a boy wearing very bright green fuzzy pants .
a blond woman laughs at the women next to her wearing a white fringe jacket .
"two females running around a track , in athletic clothes ."
a tattooed man cleaning the street gutter with a shovel .
a person walks in front of the heal 's  store .
"a woman dressed in a black top and green skirt dancing , as a man in the background looks on ."
a little girl is squatting next to a body of water while poking a stick into it .
two people in coats walking next to a fence .
a man waiting for the bus in a war torn country .
a person wearing a brown hooded sweatshirt and jeans with a backpack walks down the street .
a woman on the subway looking out the window .
a man and a woman laying on red metal benches in front of a city skyline on a sunny day .
a young woman wearing a headscarf is walking down the street carrying her purse .
a customer in a black jacket is looking at fine cheeses .
a soccer player is kicking the ball .
people are sitting in the stands at a sporting event while other people are standing out on the playing field .
guy getting ready to kick the ball .
a man in a hat and coat is talking on the phone next to a building with a sign that is in a foreign language .
a man pushes a dolly with some boxes down a city street .
a man is walking across a city street with his son .
a man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk .
a woman in a leather jacket yawns as she walks beside a young boy down the sidewalk .
"a biker , dressed in black , is walking down a pathway to his bike ."
athlete in black shorts running down a tree-lined street .
a man on a bicycle rides past a man and his son .
an old man reaches for his wife 's  hand as they finish crossing the street .
a woman and a child crossing the street .
a man in black cap and jacket sitting on blue duffel bag in front of a building .
an elderly woman clutching her purse while admiring many candles .
a woman in a red sweater is standing next to crates of pineapple .
an elderly man in a suit pulling his luggage behind him .
a girl in a blue scarf and green shirt is standing next to a red bicycle .
"two guys playing in a band , one playing a guitar , and one playing the keyboard ."
a skinny skateboarder is jumping over a fire hydrant on his skateboard .
people collectively gathered to honor a moment in time .
a large group of people is gathered in front of a tall building .
a child in a hat and jacket is looking at flowers .
man with short hair in a blue jacket taking a photo of a large group of people standing in front of a large illuminated building .
a newly married couple is standing near a car .
watch closely as i demonstrate the art of gliding a frisbee .
three guys perform in a band on stage .
a man performs stunts in front of a crowd on the sidewalk .
an acrobatic entertainer group puts on a demonstration for interested onlookers .
several men and women are sitting around in a hut waiting for their turn to be next .
a guy showing his bike to a kid .
"a man in a white shirt is sitting in front of a microphone , playing a guitar ."
a man in a black shirt plays guitar .
several people wearing colorful clothing and hats perform in an open area .
a man in blue overalls hanging onto a pole above a crowd of people .
person in a red beanie looks over the water while sitting on a wooden bench .
a couple taking there dogs on a walk through the park .
"a man in urban street gear including a striped hoodie looks down at something in his hand , in front of a brick-and-glass storefront ."
there is a bridge over a beautiful scene of buildings and water .
a man walks an orange dog in front of a building with a rusted chain fence .
a father with his son on his shoulders walking through a park .
an older man sells magazines at a magazine stand in asia .
a man is singing in church .
a man walks across a city street on a sunny day .
a shirtless guy turned around videotaping something at the beach .
a woman in a purple top is standing in a room with a red wall .
a woman is drawing a caricature of a young boy .
a man is sitting on a park bench looking at the water .
man in gray and blue coat blows bubbles .
"the woman with the brown hair and white coat is standing by the  "" shine deli ""  sign ."
a snowboarder on a mountaintop in a bright green jacket .
a man and woman are looking at a map in central park .
a lady is carrying a crying boy on the busy sidewalk .
three children lined up to get food at a table .
a woman in a brown sweater adjusts her glasses .
a puppy with no tail is held by its collar by its owner .
a painter puts finishing touches on an image .
two young boys playing lacrosse run for the lacrosse ball .
a woman is about to descend on the escalator .
a woman is pointing down the street to her friend in front of an entrance to a subway station .
a father and son playing with a wooden train set on a city carpet .
a man in a red uniform standing outside of broad st station talking on a cellphone .
bearded man wearing socks with sandals sitting on a bench .
one woman pushes a wheelbarrow while two others look on in a park
a boy is hugging a smaller boy from behind .
an elderly person against a wall on the streets looking down with a cup and photograph in hand .
two small lacrosse players listen as they are instructed .
a man with a guitar playing in front of a group of girls wearing hats .
girls in costumes talking to security guards .
four girls in red uniforms consisting of red sweaters and red skirts are walking down the street .
men and women in colorful costumes dancing .
two women wearing scarfs on their heads are jogging on a beach bath .
a woman is selling handmade hats .
a man in a gray shirt playing a red guitar .
a man plays guitar while another man takes photographs .
a large dog jumping over a fallen tree in the forest .
a group of men playing and singing music while a crowd watches .
two men on bikes are passing a series of buildings that specialize in medical services .
a yellow train is on the tracks .
two women are standing outside looking at something with funny expressions on their faces while the other people around them do n't  seem to notice .
someone with an orange jacket walking with a bike points to a building .
three kids smiling in front of an ad for a camera .
a man gives a little girls a kiss .
this image is taken outside and has a young girl watching with sheer joy as her daddy is whistling to her .
a student is getting some help on her homework .
a group of kids playing in a water fountain area in their swimwear .
road worker watches for an incoming cement truck .
a surfer walks along the beach as he looks out onto the water .
a man in all blue clothing canoeing alone .
fishermen cast nets from dugout canoes into the water .
three boys hold inflated bicycle tire rings on a dusty trail .
a man in a hat is standing behind a street display of sunglasses .
two people and a baby walking through a river .
pitcher in a baseball game wearing a white 34 uniform getting ready to throw the ball .
four females and a male play chinese checkers in someone 's  home .
only a few people are enjoying the day at the beach near the yellow bulldozer .
a little girl who is smiling is being lifted up by an adult .
a woman in a red jacket is having a drink on the hood of a car .
a man with a camera staring at a statue .
people swing on a swing set in a park outside several apartment buildings .
a young man skateboarding over a ramp behind a chain link fence with two friends .
two women walk on the street hand in hand at night .
there 's  a man in glasses and a lab coat .
a man and a woman sit on a picnic blanket on a field a green grass .
a blond man in a brown leather jacket is listening to music .
"a baseball player is running to a base , while his teammate is sliding to a base in the background ."
"a baseball catcher stands ready to catch a throw , while his team looks on ."
a girl splashes water into a pickup truck driving past .
three women standing outside a building talking to a man .
a woman is posing in front of a hilly landscape while holding a tree .
a man sits on a bench with a white dog nearby .
a line is beginning to form at the cheap tab shop .
a couple of females are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette .
a man in a plaid red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water .
kids building sand castles on the beach .
an african man peering out of a new york subway train at the wall street station .
a man and a woman are standing by a parking lot talking on cellphones .
a chinese looking woman with holes in her jeans is talking on a cellphone .
a businessman walking down a city street .
a blond woman stands alone in a city alleyway .
a young woman in jeans walks down a city street .
a man in white on the phone and a man in black sitting back to back in white chairs .
a man in an orange shirt looking at his cellphone .
a woman exits a metro station while listening to music .
two men climb a set of stairs .
two men with hard hats are at a work site .
a lost dog trying to find some food in a pizza restaurant .
a city street with a pothole in the middle of it .
a man in a red sweater waits at a street food stand .
an electrician is observed from a birds eye view working on a transformer box .
all of these people are waiting to cross the street .
a girl dancing in the middle of a group of people in the park .
three women are walking down a street .
a little girl wearing a white jacket sits down on the sidewalk .
a bull terrier terrorizes an old tire in the sand .
"approximate 5 year old boy , all in black , walking on rippled beach ."
a young boy leans against a post with a striped flag .
a girl rides her bike in a crosswalk at an intersection .
a black dog chases a ball in the grass .
people in room appear to be working on a project but at the moment eat and drink .
two young males working in a garden .
a man in a white shirt is reading the newspaper next to a man wearing dark sunglasses .
several people stand around in groups behind a table with bananas .
a young boy jumping on a trampoline outside of a house .
a man standing on a bridge under a crane .
a man in raincoat stands in a dry dock next to a ship .
a man with a red beard pushes a cart along a sidewalk .
"on a street corner , a man stands near a pile of trash sorted for recycling ."
a woman looking at a cellphone while standing on a sidewalk .
a young woman engages in conversation on her cellphone while seated on cement steps .
two kids with bear customs are seating on the sidewalk .
"a woman wearing a long black leather coat and knee high black boots , with a big floral print diaper bag , buying a newspaper ."
a blond woman is carrying a tray with four small white cups .
two ladies with blond-hair in jackets walking in front of a large building .
group of people around a round table stacking playing cards .
a person in a large black hat is eating a bowl of noodles with chopsticks .
three people stand outside a vending stand .
a man sitting on the floor next to a broom an bucket .
a black man wearing a down jacket with his arms spread and holding a pink comb .
an elderly couple is walking down the block during the evening hour .
woman in tan jacket standing outside and looking up .
a woman in a turquoise and brown plaid jacket standing on a street .
a boy in a blue shirt is blindfolded and holding a stick .
an older bold man with a beard in the bright shirt is sitting and smoking on the street .
a man walking through a crowd on a city street .
a man wearing a tan jacket walks into le mignon in the afternoon .
a woman in all black going into a subway during nighttime .
a man points to a projected image of a firefox page at a conference .
three men are painting a metal wall white .
several men sit at a wooden table on the right side of the street .
"a girl fixes her earring on the side of a busy , wide sidewalk ."
a black man is sitting in his chair staring off into the distance .
man in white shirt sitting down practicing a musical instrument .
a blond girl walking and talking on a cellphone while clutching a pink wallet .
a group of people are gathered in the street .
an artist in an gray t-shirt is carving on his white serpentine shaped sculpture .
a woman wearing jeans is walking down the street .
four musicians playing music in a group on the sidewalk .
a man in an orange shirt walking on a path .
people sitting at tables with turquoise and white umbrellas overlooking the ocean and beach .
man on a dusty boat holding a fishing rod .
"outdoors , three women walk towards the camera as one of them pushes a baby carriage ."
tourist wife upset with husband who ca n't  makeup his mind .
"a woman , wearing a gray coat , places clothing into a washing machine at a laundromat ."
man just fell off of his bicycle
an asian man wearing jeans and a blue button up shirt with a white collar lays on a park bench holding a light colored jacket .
an early morning rush hour in the middle of the city .
a gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move several feet above the parallel bars .
a young child is wearing a blue striped shirt .
a male soccer player attempting to head the ball past the goalkeeper to score a goal .
a large modern theater is illuminated at night .
a young lady posing in full pride for a spot that she is proud of .
a young toddler smiling at the camera while standing in the garden .
"a view of buildings and people walking across the streets in times square , new york city ."
old man crafting something in his workshop .
two older people in brown coats are standing outside talking to one another .
the crew cleaned the ice and snow off the steps .
asian tourists stop in front of a large tree admiring it 's  roots .
three older men are in a computer shop .
a male dressed in a blue and red outfit is jumping over a small wave .
old man using an improvised broken wheel barrel to transport his tools for work .
a woman standing in front of a building as others go about their day .
a little girl is enjoying a diet coca cola in a garden .
shier in the air after a small jump in his run on the slope .
a man is sitting next to a woman who is standing .
a male wearing yellow pants catches air as he snowboards down an empty mountain .
"a group of people walking on the sidewalk , while one man is looking for something ."
"a cake with five regular candles and one tall , spark shooting candle is on a table in front of two men ."
a damaged car is parked across from people in a gray car .
one woman sits on a outcropping of rock while one takes a picture and the third looks down .
a middle-age man posing with a crab
a boy uses a plastic baseball bat to practice hitting a ball from a batting tee .
a man with a bunch of metal objects stuck to him .
a crew is filming a scene for a movie or tv show on a street .
a protester wearing a usa shirt holds a sign during a protest .
two men are crouched to the floor and look at 4 dogs play inside a cage .
a woman sits reading at a laundromat .
a group of kids are coloring on coloring sheets with crayons while seated a table .
a band is in a recording studio waiting to start playing .
a man dressed as a fireman sitting down .
a woman wearing a black garment is holding a pen .
protesters with political signs gather around a musical event .
a smiling man holds a sign depicting a rainbow-colored elephant .
"a man posing with a  "" november ca n't  come soon enough ""  poster ."
a pet store employee shows a shirtless customer the different types of fish available .
a woman is walking down a sidewalk lined by cherry trees in bloom .
two kids are swinging on a swing while standing .
a brown dog jumping in a stoney brook .
a man sits in front of a store in the shade .
"many shirtless men , wearing black hoods over their entire faces , walk barefooted in a long single file row ."
young barefoot woman laughs in hammock .
a man bows in prayer over a very ornate coffin in a cathedral .
people going about their day in big city .
a man in black pants and a green polo shirt is picking up trash around his man made lake .
a woman in a city is looking behind her .
a young woman wearing jeans and a gray sweater walks across an empty street .
young girls performing some kind of dance .
a woman wearing an apron is standing outside of a store talking to a cyclist .
the children in blue are singing for a group of people .
a monk in his red robe holds an umbrella outside of a temple .
a man wearing a brown colored jacket is talking to a woman wearing a black skirt .
"a young man white a white , button-up shirt , rides a blue bike ."
some professional baseball players are warming up .
a brown-haired woman sleeping on a couch with her head on a stack of pillows .
a woman walks down a city street at night .
a large dog is playing with a small dog in the dirt .
two children holding up peace signs and smiling .
a man in neon green clothing pushes a green cart down the street .
a young woman is sitting on the sidewalk sketching a building
a new york mets player is walking on a green field .
an asian woman stands along a road where 2 buses have passed holding her bags .
an escape artist wearing converse high tops struggles on one foot as a crowd looks on .
a woman carrying a large bag on her head while walking down the street .
"a man jogging on a nice park jogging path , surrounded by spring foliage and trees ."
runner leaving the starting blocks of a race .
a man in brown is pushing a dumpster down a sidewalk .
a woman stops to look at some wedding gowns .
four people are jumping on a sand dune on a sunny day .
a crowd walking by with several onlookers watching a street performer .
people walking through lobby with patches of daylight and shadow reflections .
two women are walking down the street holding umbrellas .
a statue and trees in a plaza in front of a building with people walking past .
a man in a large crowd converses with his friends .
a man in black business attire is crossing the street .
a group of people are waiting in a subway .
"two women , one in red and the other in white , are out on a jog ."
"women dressed in exotic clothes , standing on the street ."
a woman holding red flowers stands at the entrance of a building .
two pairs of ballet dancers perform outdoors .
a black man is talking on his cellphone and is holding a vintage camera .
the surfer is riding a wave back towards the beach .
a man carrying a sack along a body of water .
a young guy jumping into the water .
two sunbathers in skimpy blue bathing suits lie on the graffiti covered pavement .
here is a young man skateboarding up the side of a skate pit .
a man in a gold dashiki sits while another man inspects his shoe .
the sun sets as a man rides his bicycle .
"a woman dressed in a white shirt , short shorts , and a fedora , walks away from the camera ."
a man in a yellow shirt re-shingles a roof .
an asian man in traditional clothing sounds a large horn in a pleasant mountain landscape .
a man in a backwards hat is standing in a best buy store .
a boy is enjoying eating pizza in a plate .
man walking along side of a black iron fence .
a middle-age walking man wearing glasses and gray suit is covering his mouth with cars running in the background .
"an older man , looking at a newspaper while crossing a street ."
two men are letting their dogs play together in the street .
man in red shirt and black pants on beach .
two men holding shovels are standing around dirt and trees .
a man is playing a xylophone .
this is a street scene with a lot of cars and people walking around in different directions .
gymnast dressed in red and black posing with onlookers in the background .
a woman wearing purple and carrying a bag is walking out of a door .
two women talking in front of an old structure .
a circle of men in black are holding feathered hats and standing behind a red sign .
waiting for the subway after a long day of work .
a person sits on a hill with trees in the foreground and paints a serene image of a lake .
2 men holding a sign in front of a metal fence .
a cyclist appears to be doing repairs to a bicycle that is turned upside down on the sidewalk .
a film set with two people sitting at a table .
white man in a black suit is crossing a busy street .
a lady is playing the guitar and singing into a microphone .
"two women in tight jeans walk down a city street , one carrying a shopping bag ."
the lady is wearing some kind of shoe is walking .
"two japanese women in traditional garb walk through a crowded square , one with bags and one with a cane ."
a motorist passing by and a group of people sitting on a bench .
the lady in the yellow jacket and wearing a blue hat seems to be looking at something .
three adults and three children are standing or crouching around a child 's  purple bike .
a boy in a yellow soccer uniform is standing on the soccer field .
a boy is sitting by the water trying to feed a swan .
people dressed in traditional japanese garb walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones .
two women in kimonos standing together smile .
a woman with a black jacket and black purse walking downing the sidewalk while looking at her cellphone .
orange and white hazard cones are resting on street tiles .
a man in a costume gazes up into the sky while he is around horses .
a woman washing her minivan at a self-service car wash
"a man wearing sunglasses , jeans , and a black leather jacket is jumping in the air with his arms and legs spread apart ."
people walking up and down busy city street .
a woman and her saint bernard dog sitting on a bench in the park on a sunny day
a man in renaissance clothing is sitting on a brick wall .
a man in an orange shirt is selling bratwurst for one euro to an old man in a blue shirt .
girl in a bright red shirt listens to earbuds .
a man wearing a ball cap talks to a lady with her hands folded across her chest .
a man in a polar bear suit is standing with a sign in protest .
male and female are jumping and grabbing at each other in public place .
woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car .
the woman and little girl are sitting in the brown leather chair .
group of young people playing the drums while a crowd watches .
a fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth .
a man wearing white shorts is riding a watercraft vehicle .
a man in a black jacket is standing between two trees holding up a sign .
a young man is at a store selling sausages and wine .
"four women with their bags slung over their shoulders , walking down the street ."
man sitting on ledge reading the paper .
a blond woman with short hair giving a haircut on a thursday night .
a gray-haired woman sitting on a red bench holding a cane .
a large group of elderly people are sitting around various outdoor tables .
"two older gentlemen wearing black shorts , walking on the beach ."
two asian females are posing for a picture while a man appears to be carrying their bags .
cheerleaders and athletes pose with mascot for a photo .
three children wearing white and black ballerina dancing in a gym .
a brunette woman wearing a tan jacket reaching into her purse .
a young lady wearing a white dress with a flower in her hair smiling at the camera .
a woman and a man sitting outside .
"a group of people listening to a man speak from a booth labeled  "" teva neuroscience ""  ."
"a lot of people gather together to get some free advice , and information ."
a girl in a red shirt and torn jeans runs her fingers through her blond-hair as she looks ahead of her .
a woman dressed in dark colors pushing someone in a wheelchair .
"a crowd of people , a few with signs , walk down a broad path in a city park ."
an old man wearing a blue shirt sitting in a wheelchair by his oxygen tank .
a group of people in folding chairs and wheelchairs sit outside in the sun .
two women in saris work together in a village .
selena gomez is wearing a cream tank top looking at the town after she got off the plane .
a woman is standing in front of an amusement park ride .
a man in a collared shirt talking to another man in sunglasses .
a man in a white shirt is sitting and listening to music .
a woman in a red shirt and some jeans looks like she is arguing with a man in red and a great satchel .
two young asian women buy food from a japanese food establishment .
a woman in a pink shirt is taking a photo of a fish in a large aquarium .
a man with his shirt pulled over his head is standing on a pole .
the customer held the bag while examining oranges while other market goers examined produce at other tables .
a child opening a birthday card at a party .
three young women are leaning on a railing over a walkway .
a man at a vegetable market pointing at something .
"a man with long red-hair , a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market ."
a man and a woman with bikes at a park .
"a man wearing striped black and white shirt is walking across the road , along others ."
a man is standing with a group of donkeys on a farm .
a black-haired woman behind a podium is giving a speech to a large crowd .
a man reading a menu at a restaurant .
there are people standing on various apartment balconies interacting with each other and people on the street .
two women eat out at a restaurant
a group of musicians performs in front of a small audience in an odd building .
a paramedic looks on at a firetruck .
two men and a woman are standing in front of a theater .
a woman making a sandwich in a shop .
a crowd looks up at two people standing on two balconies of a building .
a gathering of people on the street at night .
a group of people gathered together at night outside a brick building .
riot police stand in front of a mob including a man in a batman costume .
there is a man standing in the doorway and in front of a tree .
a man standing alone in a park .
a fire escape on the side of a building dominates an urban scene of an alley .
two fireman having a laugh
firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder .
an elderly woman is speaking on a microphone .
a man wearing a hat with his face lit up stands in the middle of a circle of people .
two men play their instruments while a third sings .
a bearded young man wearing a t-shirt and jeans is reading a book at an outdoor cafe
the man in white is talking to the women by the bench .
four people 's  silhouette carrying an object up a hill .
a man in a leather jacket and hat looking off into the distance .
this is beautiful evening with the river and the setting sun .
a woman is standing on a street corner .
a woman works at a bar in front of a neon sign .
three younger women sit outside and have a chat .
a man wearing a blue shirt operates a cash machine in a room with a picture of fidel castro hanging on the wall .
"a young woman , wearing a carnegie mellon sweatshirt , listens to her headphones ."
an overweight man in a blue and black hooded sweatshirt works on a laptop computer outdoors .
a man pulls a coach with two geishas on board .
"two men , one young , and one middle-aged , work on a small computer with a screwdriver ."
a police office is using a bicycle to complete her duties .
a child sleeping with a teddy bear and a blanket .
a girl laying down in a sauna with just a towel on looks relaxed .
several women in white t-shirt wearing hot pink short wigs standing outside in a city .
a bride and man in a tuxedo on stairs .
"man in a long-sleeved black shirt , appears to be engaged in dance , in front of a blue sign that entails information about specific locations ."
tri-level building with people standing on each level 's  balcony as people look on from below .
a man in a jacket is raising his arm surrounded by people who are bent or squatting .
a woman in a long dress is hanging clothes on a clothesline .
a lot of furniture stacked on top of each other .
a lone hiker walking on dirt with a snowy mountain background .
a man with crazy eyes in a fedora has his guitar looked at .
a guy in a black leather jacket pointing a flashlight at himself .
a man interacting with his daughter at a shopping center .
a gentleman in jeans and a black sweatshirt is excitedly speaking on a cellphone .
a girl wearing a button down shirt with blond and pink hair is walking .
a group of people riding on a crowded bus .
"a small group of people stand in front of store talking holding a  "" prayer booth ""  purple sign ."
people in mainly business attire hurry along a city sidewalk .
two men with painted faces looking like clowns one singing and the other play an tiny guitar .
a little girl with bright pink pants playfully sticks her face in a contraption on a playground .
"a young girl in a pink shirt , blue jeans , and sneakers talking into an object at a park ."
a family is dining and watching television .
women dressed in a yellow coat with a male with backpack on his back huddling very closely .
students in a class are taking an exam .
a woman in a pink and yellow dress walks past a stack of tires and a yellow nd gray striped building .
woman and man with cane climb stairs from underground station .
a man leans against a pay phone while reading a paper .
a vendor is walking down the street selling cotton candy .
there are 3 guys walking down the sidewalk the one who is in front is juggling .
a man is selling decals on the street .
a man and a woman on stage with a mime .
a girl in a black jacket talking on a cellphone .
a little boy is taking a picture with a digital camera .
a line waiting to get into a movie
a man in black wearing shorts and sunglasses jumps from one rock to another .
good looking blond girl making a very ugly face .
two mannequins are in the window of a closed shop .
this woman and man are having a conversation .
a blond woman wearing a blue shirt is walking down the street while holding her cellphone .
a man and woman standing at a mountain overlook .
a man is standing by two vehicles with three inflatable american flag designed bats leaned against him in a triangle shape .
"a man selling flowers , cigarettes , and candy walking down the street ."
two boots are on two skis moving very fast .
a man riding a horse and leading other horses through beautiful scenery .
a line of saddled horses walks down the street past a car that has its hood and trunk open .
a red streetcar is on the street .
two people stroll in front of a vietnamese restaurant that has graffiti painted on it .
a man and a woman walking hand in hand past a sports poster .
a young man in a blue t-shirt walks past an alley while talking on his cellphone .
a man reads a newspaper near a street busy with pedestrians .
a man carrying a shopping bag is holding his hand to his head and looking upward .
six people stand at the railing at the el tambor .
a little girl in a blue flower dress and black boots walking on the sidewalk .
student spend their breaks outside enjoying each others company .
a woman and a girl are sitting under a tree .
two women in hats walk down the street .
a man stretching his torso in an outdoor exercise facility .
man riding on a surfboard riding on a wave .
two skiers stand on the side of a snowy hillside .
a gentleman wearing a green jacket looking at a tagged wall .
a young man is holding a microphone with colorful light around him .
a man photographing a large concrete wall .
a group of people are at an amusement park .
a man is launching a spear with an atyl-atyl .
a man in a brown collared shirt stares off into the distance at a park .
a black woman is walking to work .
a young boy is standing on a street with a pouch around his neck .
men holding a conversation near a beach .
a man wearing blue jeans and a white t-shirt playing a saxophone
workmen under a freeway manipulating a metal cover on roadwork .
a woman wearing yellow is outside under a hut that has not yet been completely built .
a boy looking into the camera and a house being built in the background .
"a woman smiles , holding a book in front of a crowd looking at her , in a library"
"at least twelve guys building a building , some are helping each other out ."
a woman in a jacket and pearls at a book signing .
a line of motorbikes in front of a store .
a man sitting next to a motorcycle on the side of a street .
a woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off .
a woman and two others are sitting nearby a decorative water fountain .
a woman named victoria leak sits behind her desk in her office .
a woman dressed in white walking past a building that has a poster on display .
two guards are sitting near an entrance .
three little blond boys huddle together at the base of a tree near some old machinery .
people hanging out on the railings bordering a street .
the asian man is getting his picture taken with a motorcycle by another man .
an asian man is performing with face paint on .
two men are about to get off a train .
a male with a hat is out advertising a tattoo shop .
a bearded man wearing a painter 's  cap is playing the xylophone on the side of a busy walkway .
a high school band all decked out for spirit week .
a young lady wearing a winter jacket and getting ready to snap a photo .
a lively city street at night .
several people are sitting on a wall covered in graffiti .
a barefoot man sitting on a ledge by a sidewalk .
"a person in a red hat , tie-dye purple shirt and black pants stands on a walkway ."
a man in a green sweatshirt running .
"two slender black men sit at the side of the walkway , with wares to sell ."
an old lady and her granddaughter working in a convenience store .
an asian man in an orange jacket carries a high stack of boxes .
a man is pushing a shopping cart full of groceries .
a man in a tan jacket and blue jeans is riding a bicycle .
a set of actors and actresses perform a show .
a female in a blue jacket eating while sitting on grass .
two woman with umbrellas standing on a train platform .
a man and woman are having lunch while a woman in red is using her cellphone .
a couple who both wear glasses are walking and holding hands .
a woman with a white head cover rides a bike on the sidewalk in a city .
girl on a bicycle going down a street .
a woman with brown bag attaches a pink and yellow bouquet to her bike .
a couple is carrying shopping bags outside .
"a man is holding up a sign that reads  "" jobs with justice ""  ."
an elderly woman looks at a bag of fruit while others look on .
a man and a woman standing against a white wall taking a picture with shadows against the wall .
a young girl is reading a book amidst a large mess of clothes .
"a white man and woman are talking , while a black man watches them ."
a little girl is sweeping outdoors .
the lady holding a white hat is walking on brick sidewalk with her two friends .
"two children , one of them is playing a trumpet for tips"
an older woman in a blue coat is about to try a sample of a red liquid .
a clown is making the crowd enjoy .
a couple of homeless people rummage through a bag containing items that make them laugh .
a punk band is playing on stage .
people in a tent serving and selecting food and drinks .
"people running in a race , two of them are wearing brightly colored indian headdresses ."
"a woman standing on grass , is holding jackets and a dress ."
a man plays a trumpet in front of a crowd of people
a group of children gather together on the beach and talk about what they see .
a student observes cells under a microscope .
"a man in a yellow coat , red tie , and clown nose is talking with another man on the street ."
the young girl came prepared for rain .
a woman with a purple umbrella is staring in the distance .
passersby holding umbrellas shop for vegetables at a street market .
a man with dreadlocks and a beard is talking on his cellphone .
a woman and a man getting closer .
several people are standing on a street corner .
a foreign market with a woman in front .
there is chinese young man and young lady standing in front of a white table with plants on them .
people walking the streets with umbrellas .
a man and his dog walking through a crowded street on a rainy day .
a man in a plaid suit coat gestures with his hand .
woman in nice clothes does not have an umbrella .
a mattress leaning on a telephone pole .
a man and a woman stand facing each other outside in front of an urn taller than them .
two women looking off a bridge at something .
men work on the paint of a side of an old building .
a young girl in red is on a bungie jump ride .
two women are kissing on a bike .
a little curly hair girl drinking from a big cup .
a red tent in front of a brick building is serving passersby on the brick road .
a large crowd of hundreds of people gather in the streets .
a man is kicked off a bull as a rodeo clown runs up .
father and son wear matching cowboy outfits are watching a rodeo .
a large group of people are assembled in a large city .
there are people gathered outside holding flags .
two people in sunglasses talk while sitting in front of a large expanse of grass .
a man and woman sitting near the street .
three men having a good time while using the famous water bike .
two people dressed in gorilla suits walking down a sidewalk .
"a large group of people , some holding red signs , near a bunch of buildings ."
people standing at the starting line of a race .
a man in a black shirt is walking down the street offering a glass of wine to a woman .
a woman with long blond-hair in a white tank top holds her arm up .
a crowd of people fill the street in front of a mcdonald 's  .
teenage girl volunteering to help with some dirty work .
crowds of people are walking in the street and with confetti falling on them .
a group of young girls walking down a street .
a young woman wearing jeans and a red tank top is sitting on a porch with a young man wearing a necklace and shorts .
a woman in a red top dropping mardi gras beads from her bedroom window .
"two women wearing jackets and jeans are walking through a park , apparently talking ."
"protesting youth relax in metro park , observed by armed police ."
"two females , one in a pink top the other in white , walking down a street"
brunette girl gives puzzled look while carrying a purse .
a group of trendy young people are standing outside .
a woman with orange hair sitting behind a table with tye-dyed t-shirts on them .
a group of women in big hats stand at a table .
a bicyclist in blue parked inside of an all wood building .
a person in a crowd taking a picture of people on a stage .
a man holding a baby with a child on his back .
a man and a woman stand together hold and young boy and a baby .
two men sitting next to each other are looking in different directions .
three men are sitting and one is standing and talking with each other .
man in a bench watching another man sleeping .
a woman wearing glasses holds a camera to her face .
a girl in white boots holding an umbrella .
a middle-aged man in a white robe is speaking into a microphone .
a woman in a white dress is walking through the beach on a beautiful day .
a male youth in black clothing carries a backpack with a protest sign in it .
"man in jeans , button up shirt , and wearing glasses reading a book ."
a child with a orange backpack is carrying a green bird house .
the man in the yellow shirt is playing music on the sidewalk .
three women wearing black skirts face a grove of trees with purple flowers .
a couple is walking past cherry blossom trees .
a group of people are standing on the beach while other group of people are in the water .
a man and woman boxing in a park .
a male and female are standing together as the female has a piece of media equipment in her hand .
four young girls posing for a picture .
a large group of people gather outside a very busy street .
two women sharing cotton candy on a busy stone street corner .
a man in a blue shirt follows another man carrying a blue and black bag .
a tattooed man lands a body punch in a boxing match .
a man is overlooking a interior decorator work on his home .
a blond woman wearing a dark blue tank top is holding a camera .
a woman in a tan outfit is preparing food .
a dark-haired man smoking a cigarette outside .
a man wearing a blue shirt is talking to two men wearing orange and yellow work vest .
a woman pouring a cup of tea .
a family is enjoying drinks on the deck with their little boy .
two women shop at an asian convenience store .
a man extends his arms in front of a large rock formation .
a little girl is riding on a brown pony at the farm .
two little boys walk towards a bike in front of a yellow wall .
a photo shoot with a woman on the street wearing a red and white dress and black boots .
asian male on a bike carrying roles of carpet and another guy .
a boy looking through some boards at somebody outside .
a young man and young lady embracing under a covered walkway .
two small dogs run through the grass .
people shopping at an outside food and clothing market .
a person holding a cane sleeps on a bench outside .
a smiling older man with a white beard and an older woman look out a laundry laden window .
"six women all wearing red , standing on stage ."
a ballerina in a black leotard leaps through the air .
a street fruit vendor waiting for customers .
a young man is sweeping the sidewalk with a red handled broom .
a girl in striped swimsuit is jumping into the ocean .
man in red ball cap grills fish on barbecue .
a woman in yellow is walking outside of a building .
top-down view of a man sitting on a bench inside with a standing man facing him .
four girls are in a ballet .
a man with sunglasses and a large hat with feathers is posing for a picture .
two females are eating ice cream cones .
a man with black clothing is sweeping steps with a broom .
a man stands in a stream surrounded by rocks .
a boy and a girl are petting a cow through a fence .
a man in a white jacket takes a picture .
two men in blue shirts stand in a tent area .
a man stands at the counter of a street vendor in a city .
a couple is eating outside at a table and he is pointing at something .
large dog rolling on its back in green grass .
a man in pink button shirt raises his arms in front of the crowd .
a black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
a counter in a restaurant featuring maruga 's  tomato pies and the back of a coca-cola soda fountain .
two guys in street cloths doing some marshal arts .
two friends hold onto each other smiling while enjoying a musical festival .
a woman is holding her child during a party .
a little boy sits on his father 's  shoulders with balloons wearing a red sweatsuit .
two black men watch a basketball game on tv .
a woman in fuchsia shorts and a bra top is leaping in the air .
a balding man walks on a path shaded by trees .
two older men using tongs to grab food from a breakfast buffet .
a group of people are performing a photo shoot .
"two asian women wear sandals , long silk robes and hold umbrellas ."
a japanese man in a blue hat sits with his banjo .
an elderly woman wearing a flower shirt patiently waits for the train to stop .
a man pulls two women down a city street in a rickshaw .
a old man washing the windows of city lights books .
a man wearing sunglasses has green writing on his arm .
"two woman are sitting at a table in a cafeteria with blue , green and yellow chairs ."
"at a supermarket , people are buying their groceries ."
an older man in a plaid shirt sews on a singer sewing machine .
a female in a nice sweater hand making something creative .
"a couple of asian people standing outside near a  "" smoking area ""  sign ."
some japanese people enjoy a fireworks shows from a local street .
two children asleep in the back of a car
"a guy is running down the field holding a football while his teammate , an opponent , and referee run behind him ."
"a man in white pants and white , pin striped shirt , and a woman with a short black and white dress are dancing on a tile dance floor ."
a woman in a field of flowers is blowing on them .
"a woman sitting outside weaving a long piece of red , white , and blue cloth ."
a young girl in all pink clothing walking .
a lady walking along a concrete pathway above the ocean .
an old man holds up a sign .
a man wearing a red jacket walks on stilts in front of a group of people .
a group of blond young women sit outside a star bucks .
a girl in a green shirt taking a careful look at an item .
a woman stands in the doorway of an old building .
the dog is carrying a pink ball in its mouth .
"a large amish family looking beyond on a pleasant , spring day"
a little girl in a light pink hat and pink outfit is holding a ice cream cone after making a mess of ice cream on her face .
"three street performers , showing off their extraordinary instruments ."
police officers watch as bystanders enjoy a parade .
a man is walking past a large brick building that is painted with graffiti .
"three people , all with gloves , are using a wheelbarrow to do yard work on a sunny day ."
cooks are working in a kitchen .
an adult couple of an african country pose in a bare dirt field with a toy push car that holds a plastic water bottle .
a man in a colorful costume with a trumpet .
two men are walking by a colorful shop as one admires something under the umbrella .
a woman is rubbing paper onto a cookie sheet in a kitchen .
a photo of a couple walking down the street with chinese characters written on the signage .
a young blond-haired child tries to put a cellphone in his mouth .
"a man and woman are standing in front of an advertisement on a wall while she looks at it , he looks away ."
five people are painting outside on the sidewalk using spray cans .
a man wearing a blue hat and a blue jacket standing on the sidewalk .
a man in a suit coat walks next to a wall .
lady with gray hair using cellphone and carrying a shopping bag in front of a boutique .
pretty woman checking her cell messages while walking in a plaza .
a man with a brown coat and blue headscarf is kneeling and tuning a guitar .
a blond woman wearing a red shirt and soccer hat smiles .
a mother and father take their similarly dressed family for a stroll in public area .
the man in the denim jacket looks across the street .
a man in jeans with red shoes bicycles down a street past a brick building .
the lady is green is holding a binder .
a man in a plaid shirt is smoking a cigarette on a city street .
two men and a woman outside an urban residential area .
a brunette woman with a lei on her head sticking her tongue out .
a woman lies down in the grass in a park .
a man in a pink shirt is spotted drinking a beer .
people are watching a race on city streets .
a man in a colorful outfit and hat is standing in a crowd .
a gymnast using a set of paralleled bars .
a man is attaching colored sponges to his shirt and jeans .
a man is bending over with a stuffed animal between his legs .
two young ladies in a band group with drumsticks .
a woman with a drum smiling
the man with the shaved head is hanging up his laundry on the line .
an old man looking over a sculpture .
a woman in a purple shirt and pink had walking in a crowd of people .
a man is dressed in a purple and orange outfit for an event .
a female dressed in a golden costume looks off into the distance .
man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain .
a group of people are running a race with a man dressed in a dragon costume .
a woman is taking her child for a ride on her bicycle .
"a woman who is walking and wearing a bright pink coat and short , tight black dress ."
a dog is being walked along a red brick street .
a man wearing black is sitting by a lamp post smoking a cigarette .
a woman waving the mexican flag .
a woman is smiling at a baby in a stroller in a meadow .
a crowd of people waving their arms .
people lining up and getting ready for flag day in france .
a man in a green hat dozes while riding the train .
several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk
a group of older women sitting on a bench wearing the same hats .
a man in a black shirt is standing up making bubbles .
three people sit at their laptops inside a coffee shop .
two men climb a large rock .
a man walking on a dirt road .
a group of seven women are standing in a body of water .
a young asian man sits behind a set chessboard waiting for the other player to arrive .
children are competing in a potato sack race at an outdoor social gathering .
three people doing push ups .
men are playing different musical instruments in a park .
a man and woman is dancing .
children gaze up at a bronze statue of a horse and soldier .
"group of people , mature and young sitting beside the dirt road looking across the road ."
"a man in his 30 's  is sitting on a curb of a busy sidewalk , dressed in a furry green costume ."
a girl in pink plays the drums .
two women are standing in the snow looking towards a tower with a orange cone shaped light .
someone with a bike is buying produce .
an older man and women are using computers in a sort of storage room .
a gymnast is balancing on a balance beam .
a female gymnast in a red and blue leotard does a back flip on the balance beam .
a woman is holding her hand to the light as a man watches .
a man is setting up or turning on lights .
photographers taking pictures at a wedding .
"a man taking a picture of several people , including a man in a lime green suit ."
"one man plays an acoustic guitar , while another accompanies him on the accordion ."
a group of tourists walking around the vatican courtyard .
an old man plays an accordion on the sidewalk .
a blond woman holds her drink up in a bar .
man sitting along side the ocean holding a pipe .
an adult man is throwing a child into the air at a beach while another child watches .
little blond-hair boy in orange shirt playing with toys .
"two moped enthusiasts , one of which is wearing a purse , have a conversation on the curb ."
people walk down a sidewalk lined with pastel colored buildings .
a woman in a plaid shirt near a city street with her thumb upward .
three children watching the men working outside from the window .
an athlete who 's  glasses are falling off his face is lying down in a sandpit .
someone is kicking a ball that is multicolored .
an old man with a bag of chips sits with a younger man holding a drink .
"a boy with a huge smile on hid face , in a flower field ."
two men walking down a road in a tropical area with a tamed elephant .
a hairdresser in a salon looking off through the salon .
an elderly man sitting at a table in an empty restaurant .
a man is throwing the arrow .
an adult male and two children of asian descent jump in the road .
a man in a red shirt throwing a dart .
a black dog is in the grass with a woman in jeans .
two young girls wearing sunglasses are sitting outside .
"a young african woman is staring at a camera , in front of a bunch of clay pots ."
a woman sits on a park bench eating ice cream .
"a woman in yellow , and a woman in orange , both with handbags , look at the water in the background ."
a blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt .
"two young women walking , one tall , blond , model-like is in a zebra stripe outfit , the other shorter asian in a white chemise ."
two women in tank tops and sunglasses walk together .
a bald man standing to the side of a t-shirt display .
little boy trying to chase a black crow .
"a lone woman in red shirt staring upwards with a man wearing glasses looking towards her , in the distance ."
a woman in sunglasses is holding an umbrella .
a woman plays tug-of-war with her black dog in a brown landscape surrounded by trees .
two women walk down the street in the city linking arms .
a woman in a blue plaid shirt and sunglasses scratches her face as she walks down the street .
woman in hat carousing on the street with shopping bag in tow .
"three people are playing soccer , one wearing orange , two wearing blue of which one is in the midst of jumping in the air ."
two women are walking together .
a man in a black graphic t-shirt wearing a white towel across the bottom portion of his face .
a woman with a camera walks along side a man .
a worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree .
a shirtless man is doing a jump with a skateboard .
a girl in sunglasses walks by a red car .
he is eating roadside dish and enjoying it .
a girl is walking on a sidewalk with headphones in her ears .
a man in a yellow and blue track jacket asking a woman for help .
a very wrinkled woman holding her glasses and walking down a city street .
a mounted policeman passes a biker .
young in blue jeans waiting for her blind date in the park .
a woman on her cellphone is walking in a park .
a group of people are sleeping on a bus while a boy sends a text message .
a news anchor is being filmed in a store .
a woman standing in front of a large tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographer .
a woman standing outside a store is trying to close her umbrella .
a woman and two men walking on a set of outdoor stairs next to an advertisement .
a woman in a costume wearing condoms in her hair .
two people are wearing flower costumes and walking down a street .
a boy is looking at a boat filled with sand .
"two teenagers , one male and one female , wearing sport uniforms running after a ball ."
man in gray jacket sitting on bench reading a book
"several men are wearing red caps , one stands apart from the others and looks towards the camera ."
many people are walking along a sidewalk .
a woman in a red coat is crossing the street the street with a girl in red pants and a stroller .
an asian man prepares food on a counter next to a cat .
a group of older ladies standing on a street corner in an urban setting .
people carrying bags walking on a street with a parked motorcycle .
two shirtless men on a building balcony point towards the sky and observe something interesting .
a woman dances next to a stage during a music festival .
a young asian girl petting an animal of some sort and the animal is laying down enjoying it .
"a dog jumps in the air , catching a frisbee in its mouth ."
"a man is sitting next to a statue of another man sitting , looking very similar to each other"
a woman in a tan coat pushing a baby stroller .
a street musician is sitting on a street next to a didgeridoo and holding a blue egg-shaped object .
friends and family gathered outside papa johns .
a woman is stopped at a crosswalk waiting on the clear signal to start walking .
a group of middle-aged people ride a horse drawn carriage while dressed in historical costumes .
a group of coeds play football while drinking .
two men with backpacks wait .
a woman jumping as a man idly watches her in midair .
two young women are sitting in a tree .
a worker with a white hard-hat is at the bottom landing of an exterior fire escape and is struggling to work with the edge of a large yellow sign .
a man in a business suit has just crossed the street .
"a woman standing in a dark doorway , waiting to be let into the building ."
a dog follows another dog around the corner but looks back .
"a young girl weairng navy blue tights is participating in a long jump , while people watch her ."
three people gather around a table for beverages .
an individual is launching his bicycle into the air .
a boy rides his bike in a skate park .
a boy rides a bicycle down the street wearing a large yellow lemon-shaped sign while a multitude of people wait in line on the sidewalk .
a woman in a blue shirt gripping another woman 's  buttocks .
a woman sitting on the step with dark hair putting her hand on her face .
a couple stands on a dock by the water hugging .
a bride a groom are getting their picture taken on a swing set while a young man drinking a soda and a boy in a green shirt with a bike are watching .
a young girl wearing pink cleaning rocks in water with a toothbrush .
a woman holding a basket wearing a silver colored wig with novelty glasses .
a woman and a girl examine a painting .
a man in a blue shirt helping a man in a red shirt fix a trail bike
a lady playing music on her harp .
a woman is dressed up trying to sell her wares as a young woman looks on .
two hurdlers leaping a hurdle on a track .
two children wearing hats hang onto to bamboo trees .
two men are talking while one is holding a chicken .
an older female is standing on the street posing in smoke .
an asian woman wearing a jacket and holding a piece of paper .
a man in a sweater is holding a lamp .
a man holds his arm up to a light .
a lady is standing up holing a lamp that is turned on .
men preparing a cannon in front of a castle .
a young man is playing foosball with a couple other people .
a group of four people congregate on a sidewalk .
a man wearing a teal jacket and holding a pink umbrella walking next to a woman in a black coat walking a dog .
a teenage girl wearing flannel jumps in a grassy field near a soccer field .
a painting of a busy street by oxford circus station .
a worker with a hard hat working on a rig high off the ground .
two children step across the top of stones that cut a path across the shallow river .
a man and a child are walking across some water using stones .
several young people walk across the water on a series of stepping stones .
children play together in a recent flood .
a woman dressed as a belly dancer walks behind three people sitting on steps .
woman sitting in the shade with a fabric fan .
people stand outside the entrance to the fulton st station subway .
a man in dark clothing walking in a transit station .
two city workers dressed is orange is cleaning up a burning mess on a city street and curb .
the two grandma is talking to each other .
two elderly ladies sharing lunch on a bench .
two people are sitting near a tree and relaxing .
three people walk across a stone bridge on a lake while a dog swims .
two children are using concrete blocks to walk across water .
"three people wearing a striped , pink , and green shirt look on and converse with others"
a waiting lounge with passengers waiting around on blue seating .
asian bride and groom leaving a church with crowd throwing confetti on them .
two little girls wearing pink dresses and sandals
a street in a city with cars and buildings .
a woman in a pink shirt is making orange juice in a restaurant .
a cute curly headed little girl sitting on a man 's  shoulders .
four girls are playing jump rope in orange jackets .
"two children are wearing orange vest and blue pants , while one takes a picture with a red camera ."
a woman and two little girls playing with hula hoops .
"a man is sitting in a tricycle with a sign in the back that reads  "" your ad here! "" "
a man in a bandanna is facing girls in blue shirts .
two young women with brown hair are sitting on a curb .
a large group of individuals are gathered around a bright light at night .
a live theater show with five actors on stage doing a choreographed routine .
ballerina performing as a girl rat in an open park .
a man with a machete chopping big blocks of ice .
two girls read from a book together .
three men and a woman have laptops and are standing in front of a projection screen appearing to be conversing .
a policeman watches while many people participate in a marathon .
a young woman in a dark tank top and orange sunglasses plays the drums .
two guitarists converse on stage .
"a man plays guitar in front of a large sign , with another man playing drums behind him ."
a band that is playing outside for a benefit in new york .
a woman with a blue plaid shirt and a bandanna makes bread .
a man repels down a cliff over water .
"a man in a rust-colored hat and brown shirt , talking into a microphone ."
woman in green and white striped cap stands near graffiti .
a group of women are standing in a market while some of them are carrying baskets of vegetables .
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers
police in riot gear fill a street lined with spectators in red clothing .
a band on performing on an outdoor stage .
three men are playing the drums and guitar on stage .
a statue of a woman with long hair
an african-american band is playing outdoors on a stage surrounded by trees .
a black man in a brown shirt and hat speaks into a microphone .
"a man with a purple bandanna is clad in police riot gear , including a helmet and a vest marked  "" police ""  ."
many people are viewing produce for sale .
a boy in a yellow shirt is running in a race
"three people are walking by a wall which has a painting of a doctor checking a heart on a  "" i heart ny ""  poster ."
asian girl playing jenga fearing that the pieces will fall over .
a poor black man holds a religious sign while standing outside of a food stand .
a man in a red shirt and a man in a blue jacket discussing and pointing to a spot on a small potted tree .
a little girl hangs from the back of a basketball hoop .
"a man who is wearing a green shirt and brown pants , appears to be very exciting , jumping in the air with his hands raised ."
two asian men utilizing their woodworking skills .
"three people , two women and one man , crowd around a grill outside ."
two men shaving their heads bald .
a man crouches over his plants with various plants and dirt in the background .
a girl wearing a bike helmet and glasses takes a picture of some plants .
the woman wearing the scarf is quietly waiting for the train .
a singer in a black shirt is playing in a band .
a little girl in a pink skirt sitting next to a boy .
"two little girls , playing together in the sand ."
a man in a beret and leather jacket writing in a small notebook .
a long-haired woman is singing into a microphone .
"a group of elderly people playing a game of checkers , in a very poor area ."
two older gentlemen play a game of checkers .
a man sits between an orange cane and an orange flower pot with his head bowed .
"a woman , carrying a pink bag and white umbrella , walks down a subway ."
a woman in a green sweater staring into the water from a bridge .
a girl in a black shirt with blue jeans has a silver necklace .
a young woman in black pants is standing beside her bike and taking a photograph .
an asian woman walking along a lighted city street at night while talking on her cellphone .
a woman in a high mountain range is pouring drink from one cup to another .
mom takes a ride through the park with kid in tow .
men sitting on the side of a brick road .
a dirty man takes a nap on a public bench .
a person with a blue hat and pants is lying down with their head on a piece of luggage .
a man putting his dishes away .
two men wearing backpacks are walking on opposite sides of the street .
a woman is weighing something while a man is sitting down .
a man looks out of a building window while standing under a puerto rican flag .
a street vendor sitting on a sidewalk with eggs and live chickens .
a group of dogs tied up to a pole on a hot summer day .
a man sings and plays guitar on stage .
a musician in a colorful shirt appears to perform a solo on a slide guitar at an crowded outdoor musical event .
a mexican man rides on a cart pulled by a donkey .
a boy and a baby napping on the grass in the sun .
three men eat lunch on a park bench .
a man wearing a black suit is playing a brown guitar .
a dog is walking near a body of water .
"a young child in a yellow jacket , pink boots and a scarf walks away through an icy winter puddle , accompanied by her dog ."
a group of four people on three scooters stopped .
a person in a red full body costume is riding a motorcycle .
a man is dressed in a turban and a blue and brown robe .
a woman with a white shirt and jeans is riding a motorized scooter .
a man stretches while holding onto a metal fence .
a man having some fun in harlem during one of the celebration holidays of halloween .
a school crossing guard to help the children .
an old man sitting on a bus holding a briefcase .
a blond woman in brown is selling shrimp .
a street vendor cooks under a single light bulb at night .
the woman wearing a hijab is driving a scooter .
one tag dog biting another tan dog while laying on a bed .
a woman pushing a baby carriage strolls by a large advertisement .
two attractive women stroll down a crowded brick street at night .
a taxi cab with a lot of people around the street .
"a young asian woman walks past a blue wall that says  "" post no bills. "" "
several people are crossing the street at a crosswalk .
a group of youth pass some vehicles and a graffiti adorned wall as they make their way through town .
a woman in the shadows with a redhead rag around her neck .
a woman wearing a heart-shaped necklace and a blue shirt is next to a fence .
a group of ladies smiling for a picture .
a man with a cigarette is listening to another man in dress clothes holding a can .
an attractive woman walking on a street in a yellow shirt .
a photographer in blue shirt smoking in the middle of a street .
seven teenagers walking through a pasture .
a man and a woman standing near a desk while another woman sits at the desk looking through a microscope .
a group of people standing outside of a building .
a man with a blue jacket and glasses is sitting on a stool .
a man and a woman having a conversation and both are wearing hats .
a tattooed woman with a green dress and yellow backpack holding a water bottle is walking across the street .
a young man is looking and thinking at the same time .
a man with long black hair walking down a street in an asian city .
a person in a green shirt holding a colorful umbrella .
a man amusing a woman and girl on leg extensions with a top-hat .
a man unlocks a blue garage door .
a person is sitting on a ledge by a river in a city .
two men work with a ladder in amsterdam .
a man with a grayish jacket and gray hair is looking at someone 's  shoe .
precision is key as this guard throws his gun in the air ready to catch it .
"a australian sheepdog is sitting on a wooden dock , tied to a white sailboat ."
two ballerina dancers performing on a stage .
"a woman in a blue sweater , holding a camera , is jumping in a park ."
two brunette females wearing sunglasses in the outdoors .
"a man and two children , one child sitting on a pillow , staring out at an aquarium full of tropical fish ."
a man in blue shorts boxing another man in black shorts .
"people stand in line in front of a store advertising beer , ice , wine and tobacco ."
a man with a beard is talking on the cellphone and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street .
three uniformed workers are cleaning the outside windows of a restaurant .
a man in a black shirt is at a skateboard park holding his skateboard .
two men play catch with a football in a grassy field on a sunny day .
various people crossing the street by a liquor store and thai house .
two men wearing yellow vests are lounging with their eyes closed in two cycle rickshaws .
a woman showing a young lady items .
a man and a young boy wearing striped shirts walk on a dirt path along the water .
two police officers walk down the beach .
a lady is walking across a road using an umbrella to shade her from the sun .
a man is leaning against a wall with his shoes off .
man with bowl cut and gray shirt photographed from behind on a subway .
a serviceman wearing a hard hat being lowered below a sidewalk .
a woman in a white tank top is sitting net to water with a canvas in her lap .
a group of construction workers peer out at the city .
a couple is standing outside a german restaurant examining the menu .
a group of people enjoy a united calling .
a man is dressed in police clothes with a helmet and shield .
family members enjoying a beautiful sunny day at the park .
"a female with blond-hair , wearing blue jeans , walking past a music store and tall , beige building which has tall glass doors ."
a young boy in a red shirt stands on a stool in a bathtub .
"a man is bent over by an old stone wall , looking into his backpack ."
four women are posing for a picture .
"a woman with brown curly hair , holding sunglasses , standing in a crowd ."
a woman lying on asphalt in the middle of a busy park .
boy with white powder and blue writing on his face
a woman wearing a red coat with a black headscarf stands against a wall .
an older african american man is grasping something walking down the street .
a group of girls in black and white spotted skirts cross a street .
a man is holding two flippers while standing in front of a boat .
a homeless middle-aged man holding a soda cup looks at two people who have walked past .
sidewalk artist relaxing on the stoop after a hard day at the office .
"a group of people stare upwards , some seem to be in shock ."
a person in a white shirt standing in front a building with a lot of glass .
a mother and daughter walking down a city street .
"a man in a bear suit , holding the head of the costume in his hand , stands at the back of a crowd ."
a dancer pole dancing in the middle of the street outside bua .
a person sitting in a hoop attached to a pole at nighttime .
a lot of people gathered in a park .
a female acrobat is suspended in midair while doing a striking pose
the young lady is decorating herself for halloween .
patrons waiting at and nearby a crosswalk in a foreign country .
a bearded man uses tools to carve a wooden object .
some men and some women are standing outside while wearing colorful clothing .
a man sitting in a chair in front of a wall of pictures .
"a bearded man , using a wooden pole , stirs bowl-like objects around in a large metal box filled with water ."
two men are rock climbing .
"a woman shakes hand with another woman , as they stand under a sign for a protest they are conducting ."
two japanese women are holding brooms and walking on a sidewalk .
a man wearing an orange shirt is serving snow cones from an ice cream cart .
girls are preparing food to eat .
a man next to a bike with a flag attached trying to get the attention of others around him .
a girl is celebrating her graduation outside .
a man in a gray shirt is walking next to a concrete wall .
a man waiting for the bus .
three kids are in large inflatable bubbles floating on top of a pool .
an baby girl in a floral pink outfit cries .
police in riot gear are walking down a street .
one male runner looks at another as they race .
a woman is sitting on some steps and relaxing with her eyes closed .
a man on a bicycle jumps from a ramp .
"a bmx biker in the air , following a jump off of a constructed dirt hill in a forest setting ."
a woman and man are dancing on grass .
a man in a hat stares forward with people behind him and next to him doing the same .
two women are kayaking on a large body of river .
a boxer in white shorts lands a punch on the face of the boxer in the blue shorts .
a girl involved in a game of human bowling .
a man in a black jacket is walking his small dog in a quaint neighborhood .
workers in a company cutting plastic for a waiting customer .
a boy stands in the grass waving the flag of his home nation .
girls dance behind a man wearing a white robe and turban .
a man in front of a lake cleaning fish in a striped shirt .
a woman holding a tray of liquor shots .
"a young gentleman with brown hair , sporting his sunglasses atop his head , enjoys a refreshing drink as he peruses a menu ."
boy peeking in a girls clothes at her tattoo .
many people waiting in long lines to get buy tickets .
taxis are driving down the rad in the rain .
a crowded sidewalk with people on it separated from the street by metal barriers .
a man leans on the tree playing a clarinet while recording himself with a video camera .
a street vendor wearing white pants and black t-shirt is standing near his cart with cold beverages .
a man in a red shirt is doing something with a bicycle tire .
a man in a red shirt is looking at some items on the ground .
a young man leaning against a streetlight as a bus with a statue of liberty sign drives past .
two men look thoughtfully off the side of a bridge .
a woman wearing a tank top is holding a blue umbrella and kneeling next to luggage .
"a group of people in a foreign country some carry packages , come walking , some standing ."
a crowded street full of asian people .
a toddler child is sitting outdoors on a green and white towel and the child is smiling at someone to the right .
group of people in a square on sunny day
"two older people , one man and one woman , sit on a bench with a cityscape in the background ."
"this is the picture of a woman in a flowered dress , toting something in a bucket ."
two young girls are positioned behind a table covered in various toys and miniatures .
an old man is grilling food in a backyard .
"a woman with red-hair stands behind a fence with her camera , along side other people ."
a male performer acts a story out for young children
a woman in an orange scarf holds a white cellphone .
a person is repairing a bicycle while four people watch in an urban setting .
an asian woman is wearing a black graduation cap and gown smiling on a lawn .
two men are playing chess on a green crate table .
"a boy sitting on a red chair , looking through a book with a guitar and amplifier next to him ."
two women are walking through an urban setting with camping equipment .
a man wearing a gray hat is playing a violin .
young woman in ceremonial clothing walking with parasol .
a young man is pouring tea from a kettle into a glass .
man in red jacket is disinterested by parade .
a young man is sitting on the grass fixing some kind of a sports net .
many small sailboats sitting at a dock .
husband and wife heading up the hill to go to the swimming hole .
a man in a fez holds out a cup in a city plaza .
an african-american man is standing in the street with a bowl of bananas on his head .
two males playing football on what looks like a gloomy day .
a bee on top of a flower
some people walking and others sitting by a street corner .
a young father in an orange construction vest has a young son on his shoulders who is wearing a matching vest .
a woman and children swinging on a tire swing .
"a beautiful day for riding bikes and motorcycles , and having a bar-b-q with family and friends ."
a man sitting at a table smoking .
a man and a woman work hard to clean up after a long day .
a man is scrapping paint off a window .
a laughing woman holds a pink star shaped lamp towards the head of a shadowed person in the foreground .
"two children with shaved heads , one with a walking stick , standing on the street ."
a woman in a vegas looking show girl costume in a blue and white feathered headdress moves ahead of a crowd of blue-shirted individuals .
a man eats on the street as he walks .
a little girl is swinging high above a wooden fence on the swing .
bald man in chef 's  tunic grasping magazine with conviction .
the beautiful lady is pouring something into the other container .
two people hug next to a group of teenagers .
a man in a blue jacket sitting at table reading in front of a restaurant .
two children are sitting down surrounded by various types of food .
a solitary bicyclist rides past an ornately decorated two-story building with many windows .
a motorcycle rider is jumping in the air while someone in the background is watching .
ample dark-skinned man looks back at camera from behind buffet .
a man walking by a sitting man on the street .
an old man wearing a bandanna and a denim apron looks at a cabinet in a workshop .
this dirt biker is enjoying the race at the racetrack in atlanta .
"a woman staring at the camera from behind sunglasses , holding a bag and coffee cup ."
a girl skateboarding in red shoes on pavement
a shirtless man with a blue skateboard is performing a trick .
a woman is walking by a building labeled fisher 's  popcorn .
"a young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called ,  "" sara 's  old fashioned ice cream. "" "
a woman in a black tank top and shades with a tattoo on her arm .
a man in a white shirt is fixing the tire of a crimson bike .
a dog jumps over a pile of logs .
"a woman in a black shirt , and white shoes talking on a phone ."
a shirtless man in a white chair looks out .
people are walking along a street under a large billboard .
this young boy is walking near a street .
a young girl who is playing croquet and is smiling because she is doing well in her game .
people are eating at tables in front of an art deco wall .
a lady is walking out of a short tunnel as a male prepares to enter it from the opposite side .
old people standing in a circle at a party
"a man with a dark jacket , shirt , and pants , standing near a grill with one hand holding the handle of the grill 's  lid ."
"children are doing various things in the pic , eating and posing ."
four women are rowing down the stream in canoes with bamboo stalks and thatched houses on the sideline
a girl 's  hair streams behind her as she swings
one women in black jeans and a bikini throws her hand in the air while on the beach .
a man enjoys the sun in a park .
a group of faithful shoppers bear the cold while one points to his favorite store .
a man and a woman on a scooter .
"a group of dancers with green shirts are all holding hands in a circle , one lady has a white shirt ."
two women in black hats stand on the street .
the sunlight casts long vertical shadows on the back of a young girls' denim jacket .
three women in blue and red outfits are carrying a banner .
four couple performing dance routines is colorful green and white costumes .
a man is preparing food while another watches .
a coated middle-aged man looks through a telescope at the sky at night .
a man in a plaid shirt looking through a telescope lens .
there are several people on a boat and one is person is dropping their drawers and mooning passersby .
a man in a green jacket fishing from atop a rock .
police officers putting yellow tape from a doorway to a tree to stop bystanders from entering the area .
mexican emergency workers help remove a man from a crashed vehicle .
a firefighter in uniform is holding a red hose
two men carrying their daughter on their shoulders .
"a person with a black hat and a union jack bag walks on a sidewalk passed an old stone building , the green-framed windows of which say  "" mooch art. "" "
two people sitting down outside of a glass building .
a man is sitting on a bench talking on a mobile phone while other people stroll across a walkway above him .
bystanders watch the aftermath of an accident between a red and black car .
"emergency medical crews , firefighters , and police officers at the scene of a car accident ."
a man uses an axe to do yard work .
a group of firemen and officials prepare to turn a car right side after a crash .
a muzzled greyhound leaps over grassy ground .
a man in a black and white baseball cap looking into a silver pontiac .
a stairway with green plants growing on the side .
this is a scene of a production crew outside in a street near a deli .
a brown dog has a purple disc .
a man in an orange red shirt is viewing two monitors on a desk that also has his foot and a staples easy button on it .
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .
"two women stand in an open field , along with two dogs , one woman holds a bucket , the other a jacket ."
worker in a hat is sweeping leaves down a street .
man wearing black glasses and v-neck t-shirt carries small girl in striped pants upside down .
a masculine gentleman is walking down the street carrying a portfolio .
a woman is wearing a blue and white striped shirt while sitting .
a man is standing behind a giant green machine .
a man is sitting outside in a blue lawn chair and painting a man with black hair on to a canvas .
people rock climbing and hiking near a lake .
a car and many people are standing on the road .
a couple relaxing in a paddle boat on a body of water .
a older woman in a dark coat holds a pack of paper tightly .
2 little girls eating ice cream .
a young woman in a black shirt walking down a city street .
a man and a woman holding a baby walk past some wooden furniture .
"the asian in the green hat and green , orange and blue vest is looking at something ."
"an asian woman in a white apron and mask , with orange gloves is taking a picture ."
a man is sitting on the street under an umbrella with the sewing machine and altering clothes .
three people wearing white hard hats ride on a forklift .
a lady is riding down the road on a motorcycle with a person with a white helmet .
a man in a black suit is walking .
"a group of four children cross the street , as an adult looks down the street ."
two men wearing vests doing martial arts .
"one man , wearing a blue jacket , is kicking another man , wearing a red jacket ."
japanese people sitting in a really fancy cafe reading .
a woman wearing gray and a boy wearing a white shirt playing with toys on the ground .
a man in a green shirt waits while the police question some snowboarders .
two men practicing martial arts one has his right leg in the other man 's  face .
a lady holding a microphone standing on a stage .
"a blond woman is singing into a microphone and giving the  "" okay ""  symbol with her left hand ."
male and female holding railing looking off into the distance .
an angry looking man in a green seattle seahawks hoodie leans on a railing .
people are enjoying the entertainment at the summer concert series .
a man in a hat is playing an acoustic guitar with a band at an outdoor venue .
a woman is painting a sign on a blue brick wall .
a young man dressed in a blue jacket is holding a statue over his head .
a man and a woman are standing on a stage .
a man with a pink camera taking a picture of a rock concert .
a band performs for good morning america 's  summer concert series .
a woman in a blue jacket reads a book next to another woman reading a magazine .
a man and woman riding on a subway car .
a man with a cart walks along a wall covered in graffiti .
a white male is playing the drums .
the sky glows a vivid yellow in the sun .
a man in a black flees holds ropes on a balcony .
a group of people face towards a bridge across the water .
two young women texting by a bike .
a crowd going wild as the concert comes to an end .
a man balances a paper lantern on his outstretched hand .
a lot of people standing around a street next to a sign
man with adidas gym bag walking down sidewalk .
an older man playing an instrument in the rain .
young girl stands in her baby carriage on the grass .
a man with a camera and another man with a baby stroller are standing in a fenced in area .
three women in black dresses walking down the street
an overweight person with sandals reads a magazine on a bench .
a man surrounded with plates and plates of food .
these three girls are wearing summer dresses and playing with the dog in the grass .
a taiwan man holds a sign protesting the government .
a woman in jeans and a blue tank top laying in a tree .
two girls showing something to each other .
a busy store full of people shopping at the store .
a woman with an umbrella is sitting on a stone bench .
a man squats in the grass to take a picture of a flower while a slim woman looks on .
a group of musicians performing in the street .
"a crowd of people stand next to a number nine , either getting on or getting off ."
a woman in a strange array of clothing .
a man in the military is walking with his two daughters .
two people are riding their bikes in city traffic .
"a young black boy with a striped shirt , black shorts and black rain boots laying on a row of yellow street barriers ."
a woman in a white outfit is walking up stairs .
"a african american man , is cooking on what appears to be a professional cooking range ."
an older heavyset man is resting on a bench with his shopping cart nearby .
a man is looking at what seems to be a cardboard cutout of a woman in a kitchen .
a man with a cane is walking on a sidewalk .
a group of teens sit on steps watching a man and woman .
woman walking behind two mail carrier drops in the grass .
an african american worker putting food into the oven while looking at the camera .
a baby wearing pink is sitting in a highchair .
a man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking glasses .
a brown-haired woman listens over a drink .
two boys are smiling while a woman is behind them in a stroller .
two women carrying cellphones and wearing bright dresses .
a blue harley motorcycle is one of a group of motorcycles owned by motorcyclists .
the woman is fixing her shoes while the man looks at his cellphone .
two girls wearing white dance at night outside .
the girl in the gray shirt has very dark hair .
a woman wearing a green tank top and unusual necklace at a table in a restaurant .
a woman in a dress and capris lays out photos
a lady in a blue shirt has a shopping bag under her left arm .
woman in purple shirt stares into the distance .
a man finds a unique place to sit and rest on a city sidewalk .
"a woman in a white shirt walks with a shirtless , tattooed man ."
dilapidated buildings in the background of a lot of green grass .
women wearing jean jacket over striped shirt walking in dock yard
a woman with a very large black wig and giant sunglasses is holding a mirror up to her face .
a woman standing in front of things .
a girl is sitting down while looking at something .
a man comforts his friend along the street .
people are walking along a beach with a pier in the background .
an elderly man is standing outside at night .
a middle-aged man reads a plaque on a wooden cross located in a field with wire fencing and trees .
a young female spray paint artist works on a painting .
a man wearing a white t-shirt and headphones uses spray paint while working on a mural .
two teenagers sit on a dock and check their cellphones .
a group of people riding bikes and walking across a road in the city .
people waiting to cross a street at night .
male surfer with yellow surfboard and dog walking down picturesque beach and large rocks .
three ladies wearing costumes walking through a mall .
an old man and lady on grass in between rows of american flags .
a woman is holding a picket sign on a sidewalk .
the woman is checking her device as she pedals down the street .
a fence separates a woman holding a red flag from a law enforcement officer .
a man walking through a busy city where another man on a bicycle is transporting goods .
a woman and two children prepare a kite .
three women are out having a drink together .
asian people standing inside a business .
happy face of man speaking into microphone held in hand in front of brick building .
an older artist painting while his sitting dog looks on .
a man in a black and white plaid shirt is sitting at a table in the restaurant ordering food .
a man in a white shirt taking a picture .
"two women walk towards a fire hydrant , painted with a face on it ."
"a woman in black , holding an umbrella , crosses the street ."
a group of women in sports uniforms are playing frisbee in a field while others spectate .
a street performer painted in gold stands by a gold-covered old time camera .
a baseball player is attempting to tag out a runner .
a woman fiddles with her phone at a diner .
a woman is walking down the street on her cellphone while holding a cup of coffee .
three men are standing next to each other wearing different colored shirts .
a man with red glasses and curly hair is standing on a busy street .
a man is walking down a narrow walkway .
a man in a gray sweatshirt making a face while playing the drums .
a person wearing rollerblades is skating along side a railing .
a man in rollerblades is sitting down at an outdoor skating park .
three people walk by a mural of a cow .
a group of people gathered in a large room that has beautiful architectural elements .
a mother and her two daughters stop in a courtyard .
the blind woman in the pink shirt is talking to a man outside of the cafe .
woman in busy street holding a starbucks coffee .
a man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing laughs as he views a show .
people are walking around baby elephant model displays .
a motorcycle racer in a blue and pink suit getting ready to race .
a man in an umbrella hat sits near a palm tree behind a group of shoppers .
a man is sitting down wearing blue gloves and wearing a white jacket .
a woman is walking a dog on a leash .
a person lying outside reading a book during the day .
a woman running in a race while onlookers cheer her on
the man is sitting on red steps outside apartment with red doors .
two people are walking next to a wall with graffiti .
one slender man and one stout man walk on a city sidewalk .
a female laying on her stomach in the water outside with umbrellas .
two young ladies are sitting on the steps of a rustic building .
a man is standing next to a police van .
a young man wearing a gray shirt is standing outside of a log home while smiling .
people sit a tables while a man speaks with a microphone .
a city intersection with a man on bike and a store on the corner called swatch .
a busy street with shoppers making their way home .
a man in a gray shirt is standing outside of the subway .
a baseball player is fielding a ball .
a man in a blue shirt sitting on a blue seat .
a woman in jeans walking with an umbrella .
a man in a red shirt and white shorts is walking behind a man in a white shirt .
several asian people are on a train .
several people are sitting in seats near a small table with drinks .
a woman looks down from a high point above a calm blue ocean .
a brown dog jumps over a chain .
two men sitting on a flight of stairs next to the number five .
"while drinking a coupe of red stripe beers , a man with a gray t-shirt speaks to another man wearing a blue button up shirt ."
the woman is wearing a flower printed shirt .
this photograph captured a man and a woman skating in an intertwining pose .
a group of older men and women sit attentively listening in metal folding chairs .
there is a huge crowd of people all with umbrellas .
four men in green uniforms sweeping up the street after a parade .
two men play didgeridoos in front of a fireplace while a siberian husky lays on a couch .
man on trash truck working hard for day .
a woman is standing in front of a wall with a bunch of graffiti .
a smiling artist is kneeling on the sidewalk .
"a man in a light blue shirt is bent over adjusting his boot , while his hat lays to his right ."
a group of people in a reunion discussing a very important topic .
a man in khakis and a blue shirt speaks into a microphone before a group .
man and woman talk at seminar .
a middle-aged man wearing a blue hooded jacket and a plaid hat is standing with folded arms outside a city building .
"a gray  "" labradoodle ""  jumps over another large dog ."
"three men sit , and one man stands , on the back of a vehicle ."
the man in the red shorts has a tattoo on his leg .
two children are standing against a brick wall in the sunlight .
she walks past the beautiful blue mural .
a man in glasses with a beer and fire
an arab women getting interviewed by the press .
yellow taxi cab moving across the bridge and huge buildings in the background .
an old man is playing his guitar .
two young women hold hands near a tree .
a mannequin dressed in lingerie is being advertised .
a man is putting sand on the ground near a large statute of a lady sitting down in a red dress holding a bottle .
people are eating in a restaurant .
"this is a four-way stop featuring three cars , one cyclist , and two pedestrians ."
there is a man walking on the sidewalk .
"two men , one wearing a red shirt and black pants and the other wearing white , are playing basketball outside of a brick building ."
a fireman standing on top of a firetruck .
a horse has bucked in an arena and the rider is coming off of its back in midair in front of a crowd in the stands .
"many people walk up and down chinatown , possibly during an event ."
a young boy wearing a black and red dress shirt frowns as he gazes off .
a man selling a bundle of balloons on a boardwalk
a large group of people ascend a staircase leaving a room with oriental writing on the ceiling .
people are having some kind of a day fair .
a man in a blue striped shirt and jeans along with a woman in a brown shirt walking across the street .
a heavyset man with two redhead babies in his lap .
"a group of people standing next to a  "" no truck 's  ""  sign and a yellow street sign ."
an dark-skinned little boy with headphones in .
"four people are on a red bridge with a pipe going across it , some walking while some stand in place ."
a woman with straight blond-hair talks on a cellphone outside .
a public gathering of sorts consisting mainly of people of an african descent .
four men are standing outside near a white truck bed .
a group of girls around a table full of fabric .
1950 's  police cars at food a cart truck .
a blond lady in a decorated blue dress is covering her face with her hand .
a man is using a hammer and chisel to make sculptures .
street in europe where a group of men are sitting on their motorcycles .
two men in a yellow penske truck
one person in black leaning against a building in a sliver of sunshine .
bearded man in thong shoes talks with woman on a sunny day .
cityscape with four men on bikes serving as the focal point of picture .
an old couple walking down an alley holding hands .
"young ladies working on their computers , studying and relaxing at the same time ."
two men are preparing their beverage stand .
a blond woman in a blue tank top glances at an unidentified figure in front of the camera .
three woman passing by a poster in the street .
a guy in shorts and a backward cap is spray painting a wall outside .
"two people , one seated and one standing , in front of a graffiti painting ."
two boxers are landing simultaneous punches on one another .
a man is pulling a wheelbarrow laden with bricks .
a woman in a black hat and black shirt standing in front of a red bull car .
a brunette lady in a blue shirt rings up a customer at a store .
a cyclist with a green backpack and a helmet riding the streets .
a group of people look over ledge .
a man dresses in a military uniform looks through a microscope while a bald man in a white coat looks on .
three little kids in a open field looking towards the sky .
the woman in the black dress with flowers takes a picture at the art museum .
a man wearing a brown suit is walking down the sidewalk .
"a woman in a green shirt swinging , with only one shoe on ."
a teacher instructing her students in class .
two women workers in hats serving food from a stall .
this person is climbing the side of a mountain .
the men in the long dress wardrobe are putting on a show .
a climber ascending a mountain
a woman in a blue shirt makes a painting of two windows with green shades .
a man in a hat laying down while photographing .
person lies down on an orange cloth in front of giant billboard with gating in front of it .
a man in a green shirt is standing beside a car on the street .
a man standing out front of a pizza restaurant with boxes in front .
a man in a colorful tie-dyed shirt walks past a nail salon .
a group of professionally dressed people are sitting near each other is a downtown area of a city .
people are gathered outdoors at nighttime .
a man in a bright yellow shirt standing outside of a bright yellow building near a pay phone which has a bright yellow handset .
"an african american man stands in front of a harlem , ny fire station ."
a man in a white shirt is standing in front of a clothing store .
bicyclist is looking to his right as he travels through traffic .
"woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse , rides a scooter down the street ."
older man in a plaid shirt leaning in a restaurant .
construction workers look on from top of building while two more are suspended from a crane in a basket .
a woman drinks a beer while watching an outdoor concert .
a group of people with colorful flags downtown .
people in black hats gathered together downtown .
a young woman leaps into the air with the us capitol building in the background .
people are riding motorized vertical scooters down the street .
people sitting on the ground watching a little boy and man doing something .
several people are moving away from a brightly colored tower .
three young men are watching a tennis match on a large screen outdoors .
a man is outdoors chopping food on a table .
a man in a red shirt holding a cane is ordering some food at the market .
a woman holding a beverage is walking down the street .
a man with a white shirt and tattoo sits inside an ice cream stand covered with pictures of delicious treats .
"a man reads a book , on a city sidewalk , while a lady waits and other pedestrians walk past ."
a police officer is talking to several men on a busy city street .
a woman in pink dress is sitting on a cycle .
"a woman in a blue shirt that is sitting at a table with her notebook , pen , and laptop ."
"former new mexico governor , bill richardson in the middle east giving a speech ."
"a man in a white hat , sunglasses , and dark shirt speaks into a microphone ."
large man in black shirt next to police officer walking away from man in blue shirt and backpack
a woman is standing in a white truck singing while people watch her .
a group of people protesting in a city .
a woman with a head covering and traditional clothing is reading into a microphone from a piece of paper .
a group is letting their political opinion be known .
a small kid wearing a helmet smiles while his father is doing some adjustment at its back .
a man in a black shirt loading or unloading a blue honda .
"a group of people wait on the sidewalk , wearing hats ."
a group of middle eastern heritage marching down a city street protesting .
there are many people attending a parade like activity on the street .
a man in a restaurant being looked at through a window .
several men and woman protest against israel while a man in a blue shirt shouts at them .
a crowd of people marching .
a band performing a concert in front of a moderately large crowd
three people are sitting and waiting .
two men are standing on the sidewalk with their instruments on their back .
a photographer is taking a picture of an ornate building .
two women and a man are standing in front of a painting of cher .
people standing in line by a truck waiting to buy ice cream .
two people scramble across the street while rain falls from above .
a group of people are sitting on a rocky beach .
a police officer with a surgical mask on is standing in front of a group of girls in uniform .
people walk down a street in an uncrowded neighborhood .
"a motorcyclist stops at an empty crosswalk , while thirty or forty motorcycles and bicycles sit parked in the street beside him ."
three workers are outside at night working .
a man in a white shirt is reading a newspaper .
a couple enjoy the scenery while a photographer captures it on film .
a cloudy day in a city does n't  keep away crowds of men and women on the sidewalks .
an asian girl is modeling rubber boots .
"a man wearing a red baseball cap and jersey is standing next to an older car and staring at a young , blond woman as she walks by ."
a businessman in a tan suit sleeps on the sidewalk near a building .
"a little girl riding a two wheeler , wearing her helmet close to the street with passing cars ."
two women wearing black t-shirts are sitting in the grass .
a girl with blond-hair wearing a sleeveless top is being held by a woman .
man walking little girl with backpack across street .
a woman with red-hair is walking down a tree lined path with a brindled dog following her .
a girl in a white jacket is selling pastries out of a box .
a man in a baby blue work-shirt talks on the phone on the busy sidewalk .
a woman in a blue tank top and blue pants jogs .
tattooed female hipster with over-sized belt smiles while another woman stands in background .
a man with glasses is wearing a shirt that says to go downtown .
two black men in black coats walk down the street with women looking at them .
a crowd of people in an outdoor area .
a man in a aqua jumpsuit with an apple in his hand is looking over a cliff .
two people sitting in hats and shades .
a man with brown hair playing the drums .
a woman on a bright street is playing the violin .
a couple walks through a busy area with a lot of people .
crowd of people standing in a station .
a woman wearing a black shirt and shorts walks through a fountain .
a man smoking and holding the leash to a dog is standing next to a woman wearing sunglasses .
a girl wearing a blue dress and a guy wearing jeans are walking into some sort of storefront together .
woman with long hair on a bicycle looking at a child .
"a little girl , by a fence , looks like she is talking on a cellphone ."
a man wearing a plaid hat sits in a lawn chair reading a magazine
a woman with dark clothing and a ponytail walking by a metal fence near a bus station .
a young woman walks alone through a bus terminal .
a woman in a red dress standing next to a large tree .
an older gentleman prepares to hit a golf ball .
a man with a dark blue shirt and hat wears glasses next to a taxi .
man wearing a red plaid kilt standing in front a passing children .
a woman in a red skirt with flowers is walking down the street .
a young boy in a hat is fishing by himself .
a silver car driving by a hotel where people are standing outside of .
two ladies are laughing on the street .
some people sit on a rail over a lake .
a young woman walking down a busy street
a girl with a uniform standing on a sidewalk with something red and blue in her hand .
these two women is at giorgio 's  having fun .
two dogs with their heads down a hole and their tails are sticking straight up .
a little asian boy eating pizza .
an asian woman is holding a large blue and white tube while looking at another woman and a red bus passes by her .
man wearing black shirt throwing an axe .
"a crowded street , in an asian country , where the buildings are dominated by the seiko building ."
the young boys at the table are playing a game .
two young children are asleep on a couch .
a performing arts group participate in a small parade .
"a boy playing with the ball in the capital city berlin , germany , in europe ."
two men with backpacks on looking at lingerie in a window .
an older woman leans on the balcony guard rail of an apartment building; she is looking out over a street lamp .
a dog runs along the ocean surf .
a woman in her underwear on a pillow while men look at her .
two fashionable girls stand on a sidewalk in front of some bikes .
a young boy in a red life jacket is swimming in a pool .
two young girls walk in a parade .
"a subway scene , with a blue train moving through the station while passengers walk and wait around ."
the crusaders are marching along the road .
a man wearing a beige shirt has squatted down in the street next to some cut stones .
a car with large full bags on its top .
a woman is running in front of a striped wall .
a man rides a jet ski across the ocean .
a couple in a town where tourist are visiting but they are unhappy .
a man is sprinting by another man with an umbrella .
one man paints another 's  face at an outdoor event .
"a couple kiss outdoors , while another couple watch ."
a man in a black shirt and jeans is walking by the sea .
the urban trolly 's  of a city on a sunny day .
a man in a panama hat and aviator glasses converses with another man in a gray sport coat and jeans .
a street view with cars and buildings .
young blond girl looks unsure as she feeds colorful birds outside .
a little girl smiling in a colorful knitted hat .
a man taking a photo of a bridge on the river during sunset .
a group of emergency workers oversee a massive deterioration on a city street .
people are gathering outside a building where 'love story' is being held .
a woman and child making a creature out of paper products .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a red shirt are dancing outdoors with many people surrounding .
a group of people looking at merchandise on a table .
girl in colorful top and high heels dancing
a man in a blue shirt painting something outside .
"one male adult holding a male child who is looking at an animal , and one female adult holding a female child ."
a black and white dog is running through a cow field .
the front side of a food vendor in a park .
a woman painting something on a little girl 's  face .
a man in a reddish rust colored coat carrying a large wooden stake .
group of asian men playing volleyball
a woman in orange shoes smoking and reading on a park bench .
an old asian man standing in the doorway of a building .
a man in a khaki jacket and ball cap walks down the street .
man in a blue shirt walks down a sidewalk .
a man wearing a hat is walking and carrying a pole with a hook on the end in one hand and a large aluminum can in the other .
carnival barker stands in front of a circus tent .
"lovely city scene showing a clear blue sky , three old buildings and a narrow street with rail tracks ."
five soldiers hold and aim their weapons .
a soldier fires his gun while standing next to a wall .
a group of people overlooking the water from a boat .
there is one individual in this image with a hard hat om and a radio in hand seemingly to be waiting for instructions .
a soldier crouches next to his armored vehicle parked under a bridge .
four people in emergency suits and helmets spray water from behind a cement wall .
a soldier ducking holding a weapon wearing green clothing .
two firefighters are putting out a fire at a dump .
a military man is peeking out of the top of his tank .
the young man with a white sweatshirt walks away from the white acura vehicle .
a two men are walking together down a sidewalk .
a man and a woman examine the wares of fresh produce at a grocery store .
woman in pink shirt and black skirt walking down the street .
an old man pushes a cart past a shoe store .
a man walking along the street carrying a garbage bag .
two girls are walking down a paved sidewalk in a urban environment .
a little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit .
a group of soldiers are standing with guns in front of an armored vehicle .
three men in military outfits are holding guns .
two young military men in camouflage with automatic weapons .
law enforcement looks down the sight of a rifle in thailand .
a young female standing on the deck of a boat starring at her cellphone while riding on the water .
a woman with a flower hat sits behind a man at the pier .
the firemen in the picture are getting ready to use their fire equipment .
firefighters are spraying a hose into a fire .
4 firefighters using a fire hose to put out a fire .
armed forces are walking in an area littered with trash .
firefighters put water on a smoldering pile of debris .
two soldiers are taking refuge behind some guard rails .
a group of army men and women hold guns and run down the street .
woman with umbrella riding bike behind couple walking while using one umbrella
an old lady is standing next to an antique in a dress .
a man working on a loom-type device .
a man wearing white is hanging thread on a pole made of bamboo .
four women covered in tattoos are holding small flags .
"a large group of people are gathered in a courtyard , with some laying on mats ."
a white male is talking on a microphone .
a dog bites an object offered by a person .
a group of people are standing outside .
"many white people standing behind flags and a banner , next to big gray buildings ."
a person is spinning cotton into fabric .
people walking on a city street and a man holding a yellow flag .
a group of four people sitting on a stone wall .
a group of children standing on a stage holding yellow bells and pointing at something .
two workers face each other wearing green attire .
a group of 70 's  or 80 's  era caucasian men and women seated and having a discussion .
huge crowd at a birmingham event .
a clown with a yellow wig and shirt and multicolored suspenders holds an orange balloon in both hands while a child in a black hat looks on .
"a crowd of people , with a man checking his phone facing you ."
a man holding two brochures is posing in a busy ny street .
two women enjoying the open landscapes of a park .
"people are walking in a parade , as other people watch ."
performers in colorful outfits stand on a stage .
a young boy with a red backpack and blue shirt is overlooking the scenery of a historic landmark .
two women hold a red and white flag while two other women look on .
a large group in red white and black perform on a stage .
a group of people perform together on stage .
a crowd of people are holding white flags with red crosses .
a man stands giving a speech on a stage .
a woman in a blue and green dress is standing in front of a woman in a purple dress with a white lace collar .
"people , some in uniform , milling about on a street ."
two asian women are next to a table that has food on it .
a large group of people are racing through a heavily treed park .
a marathon begins on a city street under a jp morgan banner .
a police officer is watching a marathon .
"a man is outside with his small sons , and kissing one while the other is playing ."
"a group of campers lakeside , preparing and barbecuing food"
a scantily clad young woman is pushing a mountain bike on a recreational path along a body of water .
a young person skateboards by the colorful mural painted on the building .
a man in a white shirt is playing a saxophone on a stage .
hundreds of people are running a marathon through a city .
many guards are standing in front of the starting line of a race .
a massive crown await in the middle of the city .
a group of people are standing around a long line of bananas .
a man walking along side a clean up crew .
a masked doctor wearing glasses is performing a surgery .
large light fixture in busy operating room .
the doctors urgently try to repair the leaking heart valve .
a man sits in a white room amongst various scientific-looking machinery .
"four men and one woman are sitting behind a table , while a wheel is sitting on the wall in the background ."
three men dressed in surgical gowns operate on a patient .
a surgical rn in blue scrubs checking the settings on the machines before surgery .
two women wearing cowboy hats are walking down a sidewalk carrying shopping bags .
a man in a hat sitting at one of several tables inside a screened tent watching people walk by outside .
three people are walking on a beach .
a man with a black shirt and microphone performs a demonstration at an event .
two small dogs sit near a tree .
a balding man is getting his shoes cleaned on a street corner .
couple sitting in park near a small waterfall .
some people are walking up a stairway near the water .
three surgeons performing surgery on a patient .
a medical room with a man dressed in blue .
a person is in an operating room .
two men in surgeons' gowns are completing an operation in an or .
a operating room full of doctors and nurses .
a group of surgeons wearing scrubs are performing a surgery .
a woman holds a baby in the grass
medical staff looks on as a medical procedure takes place on a video monitor .
the doctor is observing an image before surgery .
a group of medical professionals performing an operation in a surgery .
doctors wearing protective gear are performing surgery .
a man waiting for doctor 's  order to do surgery on a cancer patient in the surgery ward .
some tourists visiting a landmark .
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth .
a woman in a white blouse stands in front of a crowd of seated children .
"music can be created , through winded instruments , by winded instruments , and they are all enjoyed by different peoples , throughout the world ."
overlooking a street with a sign above shops that states welcome to golden .
two men jumping in the air for a picture .
a dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
indian women in colorful saris speak and look through material while a child sits close by .
a man with a hat is turned around looking at cards .
a little boy is wearing a t-shirt that says gidday is looking up at the sky while enjoying a snack .
a naked cowboy taking pictures with two ladies .
a set of keys in the lock of an opened box on an outside pole .
a girl looks down into a pool under a fountain .
two dogs with pink hair are on a leash .
a man with an orange backpack in an bushy area .
there are a lot of people on this busy asian street .
a busy street has several people all around and bicycles lined up in a row .
a few people are standing outside of shops in an asian city .
a gathering of young women in an oriental market .
"two men , one with several tattoos on his shoulder and upper arm , walk on a sidewalk covered in gum ."
a man in athletic clothing holding a water bottle running .
a hiker stands on a hill looking into the distance .
"in italy , the streets are full of people ."
a man and woman are walking in a restaurant that has signs in chinese .
two women lay on their stomachs in the sun .
a man in a leather coat waits with another at a bus stop .
two asian women are sitting in the shade under a tree .
"pedestrians walking on a crowded street in an asian city , seen from the back ."
a group of people waiting in a train station .
an elderly man sits next to his shoes and jacket while leaning against a wall .
a smiling young couple are strolling arm in arm down a paris street .
a guy with long hair and big belly walking briskly past a mural of a girl who looks mad .
a crowd is around a showgirl wearing a white headdress .
two dogs kind of unfriendly with their owners that are sitting down in front of a times realty sign .
people look down at something next to a large stone building .
a man wearing a blue shirt is thinking about which book he would like to buy .
young man sitting at a fountain on the phone .
many people in red sports jerseys walking and talking in a city street .
a couple of people walking down a street illuminated by signs at night .
there is a young man on a skateboard in front of a food booth .
a woman with a baby carriage walks towards a group of young men .
three children are playing with a yellow toy on a green pillow .
many bicyclists and other people on a street
a group of three young girls in dresses are walking along a street .
a man in a plaid shirt blows a horn .
a woman holding a little girls hand walking across a bridge .
a man reads the newspaper while having a drink .
two young boys using kick boards to learn how to swim .
child playing in a pool with clean water .
"an old man wearing a suit , tie , and a captain 's  hat is standing amid a crowd , with an angry look on his face ."
"a woman is standing on the sidewalk , in front of a crosswalk ."
a man in a black dress is walking near a poster in a platform .
some people near a body of water with lights all around .
"a older man with a walker walking in front of a colorful wall , with multiple things going on it ."
a girl with a cellphone is standing underneath a street sign .
a little boy with blue mittens walking over a wooden trail bridge .
a woman and man playing guitar while a brown-haired woman speaks on the phone .
a person in a room inspects some sort of equipment .
several women with long hair and mini-dresses walk together .
a man is standing in the doorway while another man walks in a room that is in poor shape .
the lady in the white pants has her hand to her mouth .
a man in a blue cap with a blue sweatshirt is talking on a microphone while a man without a shirt smiles .
"a man works at a vegetable stand market , with prices displayed nearby ."
"there are many families selling various wares , including clothes , in a park ."
a couple wearing kimonos walk along a shady lane in japan .
a man with a red vest looking at a man with an orange shirt holding a mirror .
two man lean against a brick wall outside
an older black man plays an electric guitar on a city street .
a man in a blue jacket standing in a market .
a woman dressed in all white and heels is walking in front of a wall with a mural on it .
smiling women in a purple shirt running a race .
two people are climbing steps that lead to three connected green statues .
a man is demonstrating a his equipment for onlookers .
the women are looking at the beautiful jewelry .
"two women chained together , one in a red dress , the other in a blue shirt ."
"there is a person riding a tall bike , in front of a purple bus ."
"a woman wearing a white t-shirt , white shorts , and sunglasses ."
an crowded oriental marketplace set in a narrow street .
a fashionable young woman walking through green-houses .
a man in a miniskirt whom is trying to run through a field .
a body builder wearing a nike shirt throws a heavy object .
a man wearing a kilt is standing on a field surrounded by flags and flowers .
a man and a woman are standing together facing away .
a man wearing a denim jacket is painting a sign .
a man and a boy are looking at postcards .
a crowd of people on a street below a stained glass sign .
the nighttime by the river canal is busy .
"a lady dressed in a white , short dress is next to a table set for two with a rock pier in the background ."
a young boy wearing a vest is sitting surrounded by and playing with legos .
smiling men wearing numbers pinned to their chests race walk down a wet street .
photographers take pictures of a girl sitting in a street .
there is a skater wearing a yellow top on their knees on track .
a group of women are participating in a roller derby game .
a construction worker in overalls and a yellow construction hat shovels dirt into a wheelbarrow .
a young man snacks while on a dock looking out into a body of water .
an asian girl in a cap is holding a water bottle .
a man in red shirt and blue hat fishing .
several people are watching others play inside an inflatable moon bounce carnival attraction .
a boy in a striped shirt holding up a fish on a line .
a shirtless man sitting on a bench fiddles with something in his hand .
tourist are taking photos at the beautiful place .
a girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track .
these women are skating in the roller derby .
three women in matching black and yellow dresses and a woman with orange hair .
a man with a large camera is taking photographs .
a group of girls playing roller derby while an audience looks on in the background .
two men setting up a bouncy house .
a boy in a yellow shirt rides on the back of another boy 's  bicycle down a paved street .
kids fishing in a lake with their fathers .
"a man wearing an apron is watching a boy work on a bike , and they are surrounded by other bikes ."
a young girl goes fishing in a lake .
a man with a beard and red hat sits down with a drink in a paper bag .
a food cart is operated near an outdoor seating area .
three women dressed in black skirts and bra-tops appear to be starting or finishing a dance routine .
an old cadillac and a white motorcycle on a street .
a boy is riding a bike past a gate with metal chicken on it .
two women smoke while walking the streets .
a group of soldiers march in a parade .
an african american woman looking at a poster .
this female seems to be walking on the side of a light blue house .
a guy looking at the city map .
an elderly gentleman and a lady are looking at something that cannot be seen in the photograph .
two adults are leading about a dozen children down a sidewalk .
a small girl wearing a pink shirt picking up small black items with a white shovel .
three women are chatting and looking around .
a girl in a green shirt is posing humorously with a bicycle in a parking lot .
a woman sits on a rock by the water .
"a man sits in a chair by the pool , playing the guitar ."
a girl with blond spiky hair and a black jacket walking along a sidewalk .
a woman nibbles at a food item in her hands .
a mom and her daughter sitting in chairs on the sidewalk .
"a man hangs from a horizontal pole , jutted from a building , with one hand ."
women compete in a game of roller derby .
"on a narrow street lined with houses , some with red awnings , a man talks on his cellphone ."
a woman and a man sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant .
a man in a white shirt is reading a paper while others sit on a bench .
a crowd of asians walking around the city .
"three women , with long , unkempt hair , stand together , in front of a stone wall with peep holes ."
people standing on a street corner in asian city .
a man dressed in goggles and a spiked gas mask gazes in angst and anger .
four girls in a swimming pool the one getting ready to jump in .
a large number of people gather around a body of water .
two women standing in front of a map .
man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of paddington sign .
a woman standing on an incline with a red bag .
three people sit together and consult a notebook while a man stands and watches over their shoulders .
two men on horseback watch as another man is thrown from his bucking horse .
young girl in a bright pink shirt adjusts her cowgirl hat
a man talking on his cellphone on the street .
a man smiles down from atop a totem pole on a sunny day .
a little child sitting on a bench eating something red .
a woman with a purple top is drinking straight from a black bottle .
a group of people getting splashing in water .
two men in hula skirts are standing at the top of a ramp in a truck .
"four men at a coffee , tea , and hot chocolate stand ."
a woman with a bright orange backpack is standing in front of a stairway .
that lady is pointing at her clothes in the dryer .
a man in a white apron is holding a chicken above a large pot or bucket .
two boys are sitting reading comic books .
a man with glasses standing on a ladder painting a wall .
a man laying down in the street .
a man in a black and blue jacket is playing a slot machine .
a woman in a brown puffy jacket is walking across a busy street .
a woman looks at a red scarf of one of the vendors set up in the street .
four ladies are taking a walk .
a black woman dressed in tank top and jeans holds a leash to a brown dog .
a woman with long pink hair is sitting on a concrete slab .
young men run on the beach to train for football .
people stand and look out the window to view the mountain .
a black woman in a yellow and green dress walking along a road carrying a bushel with a large sack on her head .
two girls riding down the street on unicycles .
a woman with a long black ponytail and a flowing white dress twirls .
a woman in a purple top carries a red and white umbrella .
a man with a camera around his neck rides a moped in a latin american country .
a bald man standing with his hand down his pants .
an elderly man in a plaid shirt and jeans empties a coffee cup into a trash bin .
a child wearing a rainbow striped shirt is pushing a toy cart .
the small smiling boy lifts the paper from his gift box to see what 's  inside .
seven men dressed in orange safety hats work on railroad tracks .
people are walking in a building where food is being sold .
a guy sitting in a chair on the street next to his dog .
two men in an art booth are talking to each other
at an open air market a man inspects some watermelons for sale .
this man is laying on the sidewalk beneath graffiti on a wall .
an homeless man is reading a magazine .
"a man wearing black shirt with devil looking eyes , holding two big slices of meat ."
five children wearing hats are playing in the mud on the beach .
"two children are standing on a beach making faces , their forearms covered in mud reaching towards the viewer ."
a speaker in a classroom .
three woman pray with hands folded .
two blond women are hugging one another .
a group of people outside a restaurant in an indoor shopping area .
customers walk about a grocery store .
two skateboarders walking down a sidewalk in front of many parking signs .
two men holding skateboards and one man skateboarding .
a young man is drenched in water as a group of people play in the city 's  fountain .
a man with a backpack is eating an ice cream cone .
a woman with a cup and a yawning man are sitting in front of the cigar company shop .
a man in a blue coat walks down a sidewalk .
a man is sitting reading a newspaper in a room with a classic blue car .
vendors hawk their goods at an outdoor market .
"six girls in bedroom floor , kneeling on each other 's  back to form a pyramid ."
a man in a suit speaking to a seated woman .
a middle-aged man soaks up the sun in a public park .
a woman wearing white sunglasses is holding a plastic cup .
a man is being tossed in the air by a large group holding the edges of a flag .
a man jumping from a building onto a parachute .
a group of people on a street covered with trash and smoke .
a old man with a cigarette in his mouth .
a little boy on a tiled kitchen floor holding a red swifter .
a woman who is doing yoga .
an elderly couple walk hand in hand on a beautiful day together near a busy street .
a woman is showing a little girl her face painting with a mirror .
a man holding on atop of a jumping horse while others stand around watching him in a crowd .
sports fans celebrate following their team 's  victory .
a man holding the texas flag is nearly blown off his feet on a city street .
an injured man lying on pavement with a man holding his head .
a woman in a white top and jeans promoting for cyfd by the street .
a man doing some fishing at a river .
a little girl in a pink outfit is looking straight ahead and holding a pair of binoculars on a stony trail .
a man is watching what to get in the shops .
a woman with long hair and a black shirt washes the dishes .
a man in a white jacket and hate slices pork for sandwiches .
a hindu man napping on the floor .
a man and woman eating apples in the park .
a man wearing a large sombrero walking down the beach with a woman .
people gather to hear a speech related to the armenian genocide .
a middle eastern woman is talking into a microphone at a protest event .
a man and a woman standing with a group of spectators .
a girl in a purple sweater is watching a boy drink from a bottle .
a woman in a dress is walking beneath a cloudy blue sky .
a man wearing a hat is sitting on the ground with a small bag .
this man is walking down the street with a hand in his pant pocket .
a woman with red-hair wears a blue dress and has a large back tattoo .
a man is walking his bike in china .
a woman in a bikini enjoying a day at the beach by the ocean .
native americans in decorative dress appear to be celebrating for a cause .
a little boy sitting in front of a store in a somewhat run down neighborhood .
a trolley heading down the street
"a woman laying down in front of the doors to a grungy , yellow , red and green colored building ."
brunette girl with backpack readying a colorful kite .
the young child sits on the swing without a thought in his mind .
the man wearing lots of medals is watching the girl in the yellow bikini top .
"several people , one of whom is wearing a bunny costume , playing in a public fountain with balloons nearby ."
many men in blue uniforms are walking in formation .
six people sit on a stone bench outside a restaurant looking in different directions .
two tourists simply dressed standing in front of two atm machines .
"a group of people at a  "" beer gardens ""  , gathered under a green tarp tent ."
multiple blue umbrella tables where people are eating .
a boy in a red shirt sitting on top of a railroad crossing bar .
indian girl with her mom praying or performing a ritual
a woman is walking in front of a brick wall on a sunny day .
tourists walk on cobbled streets past restaurant .
"two people are bicycling down the road in front of a tall , yellow and white building ."
three men in long clothes sit and spend the day together .
a woman runs up to a juggling man on a tightrope .
a man in a suit is reading the paper while he walks down the street .
a person is walking by a wall that is surrounding a church .
two women sitting on steps having discussion .
a woman and some children standing on the pavement looking at a fountain that is frozen .
a toddler wearing a blue helmet is being shown his bike from his father .
some people are looking at produce that is stacked for sale at a market .
a red double-decker bus in europe .
a woman in a black jacket and tan boots is walking on the street in front of a group of people .
a girl in a white shirt does a yoga move atop a statue .
she sinks her teeth into a tasty bite .
three people walking down an urban street .
a man with a bamboo bandanna looks off into the distance as he holds a bamboo fishing pole .
a man with a walking stick looks through binoculars to see the mountains .
a woman in a black t-shirt is vacuuming the hallway .
a black high jumper performing a jump over a pole .
a man with an egyptian headdress and no shirt on holds up a doll and smiles .
a man with a bag walks down the street .
"three people wearing white , while walking on stilts down a road outdoors ."
their are earphones in the male subject ears and he also has an ipod .
several uniformed people are standing at attention and one is being crowned by an officer .
individuals in military attire congregate beneath a stairwell .
woman in orange headscarf with her hand over her face sitting in a blue chair .
a boy rides a bike overlooking a large body of water .
"a man in sunglasses , a cap , dark jeans , and a denim jacket walks by an arch ."
two women unpacking something from a box .
a child holding a yellow blanket is looking in a drawer which has bibs and toys .
a london police officer writing a ticket to a man .
a lady in purple and a lady in blue are standing with a van behind them .
four young women walking down the street with large purses .
an older man in a beige jacket is standing outside an old building and reading a newspaper .
"two slim , pretty women in skimpy clothes walking together ."
a man walking down a dirty street in front of a building that has graffiti and posters on it .
"with his hands folded , sitting on a pew starring at a blank screen ."
an emergency worker is looking out the window of a moving vehicle .
a blond singer in front of a kaleidoscope .
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .
two man on stallions perform lassoing a small black calf .
a makeup artist wearing pink and white face paint and yarn wig is applying face-paint to a young child .
a young girl standing at the edge of the street in a white dress .
a man in white shorts is in a park throwing a frisbee .
two women are sharing an umbrella .
"a young man , wearing a black shirt with the word  "" love ""  across it , juggle three green balls ."
a woman walks her dog in a marketplace .
"numerous people are walking down the streets in front of a large , green statue ."
woman singing on stage in front of backup dancers
"two women walk across a street , one wearing a red shirt and pink hat , while the other wears a striped , white shirt and sunglasses"
two ladies walking together and having fun .
a woman is pulling a motorcycle up onto one wheel performing a trick .
this woman is riding her bike in her underwear .
am older person wearing a blue jacket sitting on a bench eating an ice cream cone .
two teenagers walking down the street with an arm around one-another .
a bearded man in a black t-shirt sits in front of a desk holding a computer .
a man relaxes in the shade watching the beach .
an older bearded man in some sort of fancy black and white attire surrounded by a group of onlookers .
a woman is falling through the air .
five boys which two of them have a skateboard hanging out in front of statue .
woman at a market getting some fruit .
a woman with a microphone is standing next to a man using an apple computer .
a man watching a lady cross the street .
an older african american male holding lottery tickets on a city street .
a man is standing in a crowd holding up a sign .
a bunch of people are with their bicycles wearing only their underwear .
a lady with bright orange hair walking in a crowd .
two old people sitting in chairs on the sidewalk in front of houses .
a young red-haired girl is finishing her lunch .
two elderly women are looking into a display case of items for sale .
photo taken from inside a restaurant of people on the street .
these young ladies are sitting comfortable discussing their food or talking about the woman .
a man with a yellow shirt on stares in the distance
an older gentleman holding a can of coke and a young boy are at some sort of market event looking at something for sale .
a young lady sitting outside a sporting event looking at her phone .
a man and two women are taste testing a variety of foods .
several older people stand in front of a food booth .
a woman on a kiosk decorating cup cakes while bystanders attentively observe the technique .
women prepare fried food at an outdoor market .
two people looking at a display of bottles .
a man with blue gloves is cooking under a tent .
two women are standing together among a crowd of people eating some food .
a man in a yellow shirt walking and drinking a beer .
the woman in purple sweatshirt speaks while her friend in green sweatshirt listens .
a black man with a pink shirt sits a bus stop smoking a cigarette .
a group of young ladies with signs are in the street protesting oil spill .
people in a street sharing their opinions on oil .
homeless people sleeping on the street in front of a store .
a crowd of people at a carnival .
a bicyclist in orange shorts and green backpack passing through a busy street .
two young children playing in the dirt with shovels .
an unusually dressed man with his unicycle and his unusually dressed partner .
an asian woman is eating food with other people .
two guys climb a tree for a better view of the water .
"a person is jumping in the air , with snow on the ground and lots of trees in the background ."
two women are talking at a booth that is full of hats .
two women visiting a wine sample table .
people standing in line of a beer and curry line .
"the right corner is bent on the right side , it blue white and green ."
a young man is selling ice pops and sodas wearing a sweater on his hips .
a group of people congregate in the street .
a group of people stand around a table of food while two people serve themselves .
an elderly man is working to sell bread to an elderly woman .
"a young man with a white hat , and a black shirt , mixes fruit drinks for people ."
people standing and walking around in front of a shopping area .
a woman is reaching for something in her bag as they stand in front of a food stand .
band playing outside in front of group of people .
a foreign man wearing black and a brown hat is standing still in the middle of the sidewalk .
a woman in a white shirt walking down a sidewalk .
a group of men wearing hard hats and safety vests are standing on a large metal structure .
bronislaw komorowski 's  campaign sign floats above a mcdonald 's  .
a group of people in white sports outfits are gathered together while one of them performs a dance .
spectators watch a young boy dressed in traditional clothing while walking down a road .
"a woman in a purple dress , holding a beer , walking in a huge crowd of people ."
a fireman with a burning building in the background .
a man in a blue cap getting ready to photograph a scene .
a group of firefighters are walking down a street .
the people are on the beach viewing the beauty of the ocean using a telescope .
a fireman going under the red rope .
a group of firemen move about in a restricted area .
"some firemen have blocked off the street , and people watch behind the tape ."
a woman wearing a purple dress with a blue backpack fixes her hair while wearing sunglasses
a man walks by a wall covered in graffiti .
old man wearing black barret and glasses looks at a newspaper as he walks by an old building .
several news media workers are holding out microphones to two men .
a man wearing a fireman 's  coat and hat is looking down an opening .
a firefighter is outside in the city .
a man walking in the city next to a group of pigeons .
a firefighter is on the street looking down .
a group of people ride scooters and motorcycles on a street .
2 people preparing coffee at a shop .
a number of people standing on the sidewalk along side the front doors of a transit bus
asian people wearing helmet waiting to buy food .
the firefighters are trying to get the car apart because something horrible happened .
a woman is standing outside of a building talking on her cellphone .
4 people canoe down a river in an old canoe that sits low in the water .
"two women , a man , and two dogs occupy a street corner ."
a man walking down the pier scratching his back with a boat sailing in the background as the sun sets over the water .
a dark-haired man in a brown t-shirt walking on the street .
a man in a suit reclines on a bench in a bus stop enclosure .
seven children around a cart which is full of brick
"a man wearing sandal , walking down a wood path toward water carrying a towel and a beach bag ."
a man is checking out a wall .
"two men and one woman hiker , all dressed in t-shirts and shorts , pose in front of a trail map in the snow ."
a woman reading in the park with her shoes off .
people watching art which represents an invisible man made out of a black suit and had holding a rainbow colored umbrella .
two people are sitting and enjoying some beverages .
a young boy in a blue jacket standing on a corner in front of thefaceshop .
a man wearing a suit is standing in a group of people .
a lady is standing looking at all the clothes on the ground .
a man has his carry-on and is looking at a list of flights at the airport .
a man is standing in the sand throwing a beanbag into a hole .
two men wearing vests are holding smokey torches
"my , my let 's  watch as the white and red car tips over ."
workers pull a template off a truck .
a woman in a red shirt and denim skirt takes a photograph of a sculpture that is surrounded by construction fences .
a man cleaning an object in the fountain .
a man in a green shirt and blue jeans is standing at a crosswalk across from a large building .
a woman and child are on their way to play tennis .
two men in red shirts carrying a glass pane across a street crosswalk .
people are walking through a mall .
a man wearing an apron is cooking food in a kitchen .
a man with a orange jumpsuit is giving a presentation at a outdoor event .
a young child dressed in yellow dances among a group of people gathered outside .
the dog returns with the hunter 's  bird .
an elderly woman wearing a green dress is holding a cane and walking along a planked walkway .
a lakers fan fest with people holding yellow lakers flags .
a woman holds a man by the collar on a curbside as a bus approaches on the street .
a mother carries her child through a market on her back .
a young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly .
a muslim woman lies down in the desolate sands of a desert .
a man and a woman walk in front of a white pickup truck and a gray car .
old man entertains his family by playing accordion
a man is sitting outside with his suitcase open playing the accordion .
a man in jeans pulling a suitcase .
"a crowd of people sit in chairs outdoors , with a city scene and a bridge in the immediate background ."
people eating under a striped red and white overhang .
two people are shopping in a supermarket with international flags above their heads .
a view of people browsing a store aisle .
an old woman in a blue sweater and black dress sits on a bench .
a woman in black and high heels with a red bag is walking .
a woman with a blue jacket has lunch with a friend .
an old lady standing holding a camera .
a brown-skinned man in a green hooded sweatshirt and blue jeans is wearing headphones connected to a handheld device .
two little girls wearing pink outfits dance together .
costumed riders are riding saddled and bridled horses walking through tall green grasses .
people enjoy shopping fresh produce at a farmers market .
a woman is buying meat at a supermarket .
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .
"two people working in a bagel store , which is celebrating it 's  20th anniversary ."
some people are looking at the selections in an indoor food court .
workers in a kitchen at a restaurant are visible through a storefront window .
a man cooking in a kitchen .
a woman is viewing fresh meats and seafood at a deli in a grocery store .
four people are browsing in a market .
shoppers walking down an isle of a grocery store .
people shop for goods at a fruit stand .
many people peruse open market of international food stocks .
two women and a baby in a store .
a long-haired gentleman in shorts walking down the street with a cane .
a man grasping a white sheet of paper sits next to the harbor .
a man in a red shirt and shorts walks down the sidewalk past a pizza inn .
many people are dancing at a large gathering at night .
a little girl with blond-hair dressed in a black tank top and a skirt watering outdoor plants with a hose .
a young boy is jumping off of a diving board .
a small group of people under a tree with a white pick-up truck in the background .
a street filled with people walking and riding bikes .
a group of children posing with their certificates .
a diverse group of passengers ride a tour bus down the street .
several individuals are walking along a street in tennis shoes and shorts .
many people with umbrellas are walking in the rain .
"nicely dressed woman pose for pictures or stand and talk , while passersby stroll by a fountain ."
a couple embraces on a busy street .
a woman dials a cellphone while walking past a shop with a reflection in the window .
female jogger runs along a river in a city .
a man wearing a helmet rides a bright red motorcycle in traffic .
a lady reading a book and a man are passing time on the subway .
an oriental woman washing something in a tub of water and soap .
two friends enjoy ice cream on a nice day .
a gray-haired man with glasses and wearing a striped shirt shops for fruit
a person is placing car mats on the ground .
a light brown puppy wearing a muzzle stands upright against a woman with red nails .
a filled trashcan with graffiti on it .
a man is playing a set of drums on a city street .
farmers line up and tend to their cattle .
"a person in black shorts , while shirt and white hat , smiles in a crowd as she holds her bike ."
people walking through a crowded market .
"a person holds a bunch of balloons , many of which are of spongebob squarepants ."
a man with a red shirt cleaning a barbecue grill .
a black guy with dreadlocks is dancing along with other people .
man serving beer from tap as woman stands by .
"a rock band performing on a stage a guitarist , singer and a drummer"
a man playing an instrument on stage .
a dark-haired man with a striped shirt sitting outside with a fruit cart to make beverages .
a child in a green shirt is in a crowded classroom .
a man in a jacket and hat takes a break from his acquaintance and his drink for a thumbs up
girl in hat and sunglasses looking at something in the distance .
a black dog in front of a tree jumping towards a red frisbee .
a girl is working with her trainer on a gymnastic bar .
a girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels .
two young adults crossing the street using a crosswalk .
an older man is sitting on a bench in front of a grassy area .
a person is walking up outdoor stairs between two buildings .
a rescue employee getting ready to pry open a car which has flipped over
a man in a vehicle is pointing at something .
"a little girl , dressed in pink and white with flowers in her hair , is standing outside touching her chest ."
a man is sitting reading a book .
three men sit on top of a green tank .
a man in the street staring at a cart .
two men are sitting on camp chairs while reading or studying .
a person collecting flowers in a silver bowl .
aerial view of pedestrians walking on the sidewalk of a street in a busy part of town with trees in the median .
a person working at a food cart .
there is a man fishing on a bridge .
colorful signs with asian characters light up an alley at night .
"a group of people protesting with signs saying ,  "" stop killing in iran. "" "
they are dancing in the streets topless .
the man in the green checkered shirt is eating something .
a lively group of civilians are in the city .
a band is playing on a stage with purple spotlights .
a man works on a construction project outside of a building .
a man with a blue hat is standing next to some bikes and a crowd of people .
people watching a soccer game at the local watering hole .
people are sitting outside of a cafe eating and drinking .
a woman is in a liquor store .
people sit on the pier at the edge of the water .
food vendor walks his cart of food down a road .
people are sitting on benches on a sidewalk surrounded by trees with a view of city buildings .
a door greater is standing at an open door to a building .
people are walking along a brick-paved street that is lined with shops under a cloudy sky .
a group of bar patrons enjoy the soccer game .
cyclists ride through a forest while onlookers cheer .
they are biking in the streets .
a biker in white clothes takes his hands off the handlebar in the middle of a forested road .
a group of cyclists biking down a road .
eight people are on an escalator going up or down .
people walking along the sidewalk on a cold day .
two women in bikini tops and shorts are walking by a lake with two men .
a man in a red shirt looks at a fallen tree .
4 members of a band are playing together outside on a sidewalk .
street musicians in red robes playing on the sidewalk .
a woman is walking away on a wooden walkway through a field of golden plants .
an older woman walks in the rain holding a red umbrella over her .
asian man wearing a white shirt and gray pants standing with a microphone near a loudspeaker .
a man is having a conversation while a line of individuals move behind him .
a woman is holding coffee and her cellphone and appears to be looking for someone .
a band is playing music on stage .
"lone person in a canoe , holding a rope , enjoying the scenery of the blue mountains and glassy water ."
a female with sunglasses is talking on her cellphone .
"a blue boat moves down a canal lined with red , orange and white homes ."
a woman in a black miniskirt riding an orange bike .
a crowd is standing on a road in between tall buildings .
a bicyclist is calling someone or checking his text messages .
a young man greeting his supporters before a big karate fight hosted in his town
a child with blond curly hair crying .
four members of a band are performing on stage .
a man in a tie on a street .
a black girl and white girl walking hand and hand in a busy area of a city with a public train in the background .
a jean baseball cap with the tommy hilfiger logo .
a teenage blond girl talks on her cellphone as wind blows her hair into her face .
a woman wearing a backpack and glasses is standing on a street .
a woman in high heels and a short skirt stands against a brick wall on a sidewalk .
a man on a bridge holds a blue object over the rail .
a group of men are organizing an activity on a grassy field .
a man practices karate moves in silhouette with a backdrop of a colorful beach sunset .
a man with a orange hat holding a stick is talking to a man wearing sunglasses and wearing a striped shirt .
a policeman is leaning on his motorcycle while people are watching .
"a group of people sit and stare at computer terminals in a large , slender room ."
two women wait at a downtown train station .
a man in a long white shirt stands in the street .
young girl enjoys herself as she is sprayed with a sprinkler
a man holding a guitar with his fist in the air .
a tattooed woman carries her belongings in a green backpack .
"a man and a woman are sitting at a table outside , next to a small flower garden ."
a well dressed man stretching food from a pot in a restaurant setting .
a older woman kneeling down with a bucket inside a blue house .
an older man wearing glasses is holding the door open of a red minivan .
there is a lady and a man sitting on a bench talking and watching people .
a woman raises her hand as a bus passes by .
a bald man leaning on a building with a young girl crouching and holding a bottle of liquid .
yellow banners with a black lion print are hung across some trees in a sun-lit neighborhood .
the woman in the bridal dress is standing on the brick walkway .
a young man is playing in the fountain .
"a man in interesting clothes , consisting of a feathered hat , cape , and an embellished cane , sits on a bench outside a building ."
a large lady and an elderly lady are waiting at a bus stop .
a black man in a blue suit is talking on a cellphone while smoking .
a woman is protesting against pollution .
excited couple jump as high as they can while they enjoy the view of the mountains .
a man wearing a gray suit is delivering a speech .
"a girl in a ethereal , blue costume holding a decorated hula hoop gazes intently into the camera ."
shirtless man laying on a towel in the grass .
"a man , in black tight pants , sits down leaning against the wall of a white building ."
a young child looking at a toy railroad setup .
a woman in a white dress crouches in a crowd of people .
"three women shopping for clothes and a sign that states  "" 5 euro ""  ."
a young woman is stroking the white rabbit that is sitting on her leg .
a man walks by a portrait of a man on the wall
a man carrying a baby is walking with a woman holding a sun umbrella .
an old lady next to a mural remember that dead
a small girl dressed in a white smock with pink balloons is holding a candle lantern .
four people are in water talking with mountains in the background .
a woman wearing a white dress riding a bicycle .
a woman wearing a white dress walking by an eastern european sign .
two scantily clad women are kissing in a crowd of people .
two asian men in white robes are praying .
several men sit outside on brick ledges built around tall trees .
an oriental couple walks by a hallway in a museum of art .
an elderly outdoor market vegetable vendor sits with his wares and reads a newspaper .
three vikings walking on the boardwalk .
a young girl wearing a black t-shirt with necklaces and bracelets walks near an outdoor cafe .
a woman posing with a large fish hanging from a hook .
two men are sitting in their seats with a girl between them .
two young kids are playing some kind of a game
a crowd of people are standing outside a white train with multiple entrances .
wet children playing in a park fountain
two police officers are talking to two men who have a robot .
a man with a can walks past a painting of a construction scene .
a woman in a bikini is laying on a blanket on a dock over the water .
a woman in a halter top walking with her friends .
"a crowd sports the colors red , black and yellow on the painted faces and clothing while waving flags of the same color ."
a brown and black dog shaking the water of himself
a young boy in a striped shirt is playing with twigs in a grassy field .
two lesbians having a great time getting wet .
a worker in a pizza store waiting to get customers .
a police officer is standing with his arms crossed .
about 16 men dressed in police uniforms are gathered in the middle of a city street .
male magician doing a trick in front of an audience .
three women are dancing and playing music in a group .
a group of people gather in an urban environment .
a man with long dreadlocks is stopped by two men in blue uniforms .
a man looks on while his female companion covers her face with a napkin .
a man in a cowboy hat prepares hotdogs on the street .
man with ice cream cart standing against a wall .
a girl and two boys dressed in bright ethnic garb are walking together .
a group of four men carry a statue .
a man in yellow red flowery dress is playing guitar
a rodeo cowboy is riding a rambunctious horse .
two men and a woman do yoga in a living room .
a woman sits on a bench in front of an elephant display in a museum .
a woman in a tank top and jeans rides her bike along a road .
an older man is giving a younger man a haircut .
the man in the teal tank top is washing his face with water from a wooden bowl .
a couple watching a show at a restaurant .
"a young man in short , shorts is in the middle of a large crowd on his cellphone ."
a man with a cart full of rice smokes on the street .
a woman is breastfeeding a child in what appears to be a march .
man inspects sausage inside a deli .
a young couple are at the beginning of playing jenga on a living room coffee table .
police wearing gas masks kneel before the ground .
a man is holding his shirt into a fountain in a park .
dark-haired man sits on blue chair looking at laundry machines .
a little asian girl in a floral dress is standing in the doorway and holding a teddy bear and a snack .
a woman is holding a red umbrella and a fan .
"a bald man wearing black using a fan made of feathers , walking down the street ."
"a man with a painted face , wearing women 's  swimwear , and riding a bicycle ."
a man in a blue shirt poses on the street in front of police in riot gear .
the man in the white t-shirt is speaking at a podium .
two men sitting at a counter looking into magnifying glasses at the same time .
people are walking down the street on a sunny day .
a girl with a purple mohawk and a red tank top is pointing and talking to a shirtless guy outside of a building .
a man is dressed up in a black polka dotted hat and cape .
several figures in dress shirts and ties stare out the window of a brick building .
a man is playing with a child .
a child is dressed up in costume and holding a trident .
a blond women crosses the street in business attire .
a man in a blue shirt is holding a sign asking for work .
officers standing outside a shop .
a woman is dancing and a man is holding an oar .
a woman in a purple skirt is dancing .
a woman wearing a grass skirt and flowers in her hair holds a pitcher .
an older man picking flowers .
a man sits in front of a fruit cart waving at someone .
a woman shades herself from the sun with her umbrella .
"two men and a woman are sitting on a bench , near water ."
a flower girl is posing in a doorway .
an elderly couple sits with their dog in a green field by the shore .
an oriental lady posing wearing a black bra and holding a handkerchief .
two indian style dancing ladies with their backs to the camera are in a synchronized pose .
a group of kids hiking on a trail .
a young couple are outside among many other people and the young lady is holding a champagne or wine bottle .
three adults are farming in front of a metal fence .
a man is standing on a busy sidewalk wearing a brazil shirt and waving a brazil flag .
three old men are sitting down talking .
the sunlight shining in from outside gives an ordinary indian woman a moment of clarity .
a woman is hugging a shirtless man .
two dark headed women sit on gray steps behind a gray fence .
a couple walk their dachshund past a wall with graffiti on it .
"a young girl in blue shirt and denim shorts , pulling on a rope , standing in a pit of mud ."
a young girl playing on a playground .
"while in switzerland , a man in a blue sweater waits forlornly and has a beer ."
people standing near a large metalized object reflecting a city skyline .
"a man and a woman are kneeling outside , drawing a large portrait on the concrete of a woman holding a baby"
a person in a blue shirt is sleeping in an ancient monument .
two women are participating in part of a dragon dance .
"many people gathered outside , sitting on benches and in grass ."
two young men wearing sunglasses and white polo shirts are standing outdoors looking at newspapers .
a shirtless man reads the sports section of a newspaper .
a man walks a dog on the side of an empty road .
a street that is full of shops .
two police officers question a seated man in front of a subway train .
a man sticking a metal rod into a river of lava .
girl standing in the back of trailer smiling as she moves hay .
emergency medical technicians work to help a man .
a lady walking two dogs in front of a wall with a beach drawn on it
a giant pair of glasses sitting outside a building .
a city street corner with two passing bicyclists and several pedestrians .
a man is carrying a bag in his left hand .
a lady in a black and red outfit jumping over a lady in a black dress playing an instrument .
a large crowd walking the city streets at nighttime .
a girl is selling iced tea with fresh lemons and mint .
"a little girl , all in pink , smiles at the camera from her place on the white carpet ."
two young people in shorts and t-shirts play basketball in an urban outdoor court .
a man on a ladder is power washing a building .
girl in tank top and pants swinging on a log swing .
photographers taking pictures of things around them .
a man is shooting fire from his mouth while holding a torch .
"a red sign reading  "" arrivo ""  is hanging above a street ."
a small black and brown dog is jumping on a large orange dog .
woman with red umbrella walking in a city .
blond-haired woman in a purple sweater eats a chocolate ice cream cone .
people wearing bathing suits on a wet surface .
a man with a hat on is reading behind a woman in a heavy coat .
one young girl reads a book to another .
a homeless man is walking down the street with a cigarette in his mouth .
a man in jeans and a black shirt waits at a park bench .
a deserted roadway with a man in a red shirt jogging in the distance .
a young girl wearing sunglasses sits among a crowd .
an african american female in a silver knee length skirt walking .
this is a woman in a yellow shirt carrying a brown purse .
a young woman is playing a stringed instrument in a public place .
a girl in black t-shirt and blue jeans walking on the pathway .
three women and a man are walking with a child .
a woman talks on her cellphone while standing near a brick wall .
a woman with an orange shirt selling vegetables on the street .
four people are wearing life jackets on a motorboat on still waters .
a girl in jean shorts and a floral blue and green shirt listens to her ipod .
vendors sell various goods under large colorful umbrellas .
a group of power workers at the site of a car crash .
a woman in a yellow shirt and blue jean pants walking .
two women in stylish clothes walking down the street .
a woman carrying a large stack of wooden crates .
three woman out on the lawn of a park area holding exercise poses .
a man wearing blue jeans is laying down with his head on his bookbag .
an asian teenager wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand .
an event is taking place outside .
a group of people in an office setting sitting in a circle .
a girl and a boy walking on stones .
a man with a hat but no shirt attaches something to a building 's  roof .
several video cameras lined up behind a concrete wall .
a young woman with silly green glasses on and a confused look on her face sits at a table under a tree .
the magician is doing a magic trick .
"a man is helping his daughter with her shoes , by a swimming pool ."
a female tennis player dressed in all white concentrating on the game .
a man with brown hair walking his bicycle across the street .
a girl stands in a dimly lit area .
a woman wearing a black shirt and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk
a woman with white sunglasses is laughing .
one lady is standing next to a sun filled building with columns .
people are standing around a table outside .
a man shucking corn while his son watches television .
a man wearing a canadian flag at a celebration .
she is jumping into the bubbly pool with her bright pink swim shirt on .
firefighters respond to the scene of a motorcycle accident .
a bald middle-aged man in a tank top is purchasing something from an elderly woman 's  table at a yard sale .
a cameraman is on the sidewalk filming someone dressed in a suit .
"this nanny is being attentive to the two children seen in the picture , and has two other strollers close as well ."
a woman wearing a bonnet looks at a wine bottle .
a young black man in a gray shirt holding up a sign on a crowded city street .
some people sitting in a outside chinese restaurant eating .
"a very colorful , full store in a mall , called breeze but has party supplies ."
three levels of a mall with colored strings hanging .
"two women , one wearing a red , white and blue bikini pose for a picture on a city 's  street ."
women are talking to an older woman in very little clothing .
a large amount of people sit outside some sort of water related event with canadian flags .
people in red canadian jerseys sit on a fountain .
an older woman in a gray two-piece outfit is juggling tennis balls .
people who are all deck out in canadian colors are eating food at a canadian festival .
a young toddler in an orange t-shirt is riding in a stroller .
a redheaded girl is eating a potato chip .
there are people walking down a sidewalk in a japanese city .
a group takes in an area decorated in asian culture .
several people walk on a sidewalk next to a tall structure with a mural painted on it .
observers stare at a giant christmas tree on the sidewalk .
people are walking near a sidewalk display that is in front of a shop .
three children are standing outside with a bird flying by .
a woman in a polka dotted shirt waits for a safe moment to cross the street .
men and women are standing on a street corner .
photo of a street in chinatown section of us city
a few men and kids walking down an oriental side street .
people wait at a crosswalk next to a traffic light .
two people are walking in a metropolitan area near tall buildings with signs .
the economy is shacking and affecting china .
people are walking into a store .
a man wearing shorts looks at his cellphone while a woman walks outside a small building .
a subway tunnel with people around it
an oriental man wearing a messenger bag riding a bicycle on an oriental street .
a man aiming a camera at something above a street .
"holding his camera over his head , a man takes a picture , while others sit nearby ."
several asian people on the street are looking up and holding cameras to record something .
a lady wearing jeans and a tank top and carrying an umbrella is riding her bicycle across a street .
people are walking on a sidewalk beside a set of stairs
an asian man with a blue shirt and brown pants rides a motorcycle .
an older man walks in a park with two ice cream cones .
a movie poster of a man in blue holding a woman in red outside a theater
chinese new year is celebrated at the mall .
a young girl in colorful leggings is carrying a brightly colored flag in a parade .
people are playing soccer on the grass .
"two young people are standing in the doorway of a room filled with pink , white , and red balloons ."
a man and a woman in suits are walking in front of a wall .
2 rows of woman walking towards each other on the sidewalk outside of a store with a boy 50 % sign on the golden framed windows .
"a man , wearing a black hat , carving a design into wood ."
"a scene in a street , where one has shopping bags and the other is asking for directions ."
a man sits on the ground under a sign .
two girls are walking down the street looking at items in the store windows .
a young man wearing blue carries equipment across a street .
"a lady sits in a chair , in front of a graffiti covered wall with a cart full of bags ."
an old man sitting in a parked street cleaner opens the door .
a boy dressed in blue racing coveralls sits on a soccer ball on a concrete picnic bench .
a man in a rural location working to sheer a sheep .
an elderly man stands on a ladder tending the leaves of a tree .
two clowns are standing along side a woman .
a young boy on a harness climbs up a boulder .
two black females walking in new york city .
the woman in the white dress looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings .
an old women sitting on a bench .
a man carries his jacket as he walks by some ornate graffiti on a wall .
a bicyclists drive by a building covered in graffiti .
a classic propeller-driven airplane flies in the distance as two men play with a remote-controlled toy airplane in a field in the foreground .
two older men out in a field about to fly a toy warplane .
"there are 6 young men playing basketball in blue and white uniforms , while people look on from the stands ."
a man working on a small model airplane .
a man in a blue windbreaker is playing with his yellow remote controlled airplane .
old man in jeans and checkered shirt is helping a model airplane fly .
"while shielding their eyes , patient onlookers await the arrival of the solar eclipse ."
two older people standing near a model airplane in a field .
a person in a large field plays with a model airplane .
three men in a field with model airplanes .
the guy wearing sunglasses and a hat is singing into a microphone .
young man on a sofa fingers a large electronic keyboard device .
a girl in a green tank top is feeding pigeons .
a man walks along side a young girl riding a bicycle .
several people are drinking and talking at an outdoor table of a restaurant .
a man standing with a glass in his hand and a white hat .
an older man is walking in a large grassy area with a small plane in the background about to land .
beautiful colorful costumes shown in an indian parade .
people are walking and there is a woman dressed in a black dress and black hood and birds are on the steps .
"someone sitting still on an orange motorcycle on a crosswalk , wearing a black vest and helmet ."
"three children are walking past a parking garage , one of them is on a bike ."
people standing at a train station waiting for the train .
a woman wearing a white dress and carrying a floral purse has a large fairy tattoo on her back .
a white dog swims with a stick .
a white male wearing denim coveralls and a white baseball cap watches two men who are sitting on buckets play music in front of a store that sells wigs .
a man and a woman are jumping into the air excitedly on a wooden footbridge .
here is a picture of a man walking alone by the ocean pier .
several women dressed in burkas and a child in an orange shirt out walking in a public space .
two teenagers at a skate park in the middle of the rain .
"people are walking , sitting , and standing outside of a department store ."
a man focused on playing his acoustic guitar on a sidewalk .
two young women walking down the street on a warm day .
two females (in blue and bright orange shirt respectively) taking a stroll .
a man walks off of a bridge in front of a large orange building .
a little baby girl in a blue top and cap sitting in the grass licking her fingers .
a woman in eclectic garb draws on another woman 's  hand .
many people seem to be taking a picture .
a group of people in swimwear are standing in a field covered in tents .
a group of young people take a silly picture in front of a camel statue outside .
young boy holding sunglasses and wearing a bathing suit .
a group of men performing as a band outside of a building .
a man standing on a green boat .
three women walking down a tunnel while a seated man watches them .
a woman is reading a book on the subway .
two people are standing while others are walking or rushing by .
a man and woman sit on steps outdoors having a conversation .
three chinese woman and one man are performing a dance for an audience .
reenactment of old fashion waltzing with costumes - 3 couples
a young boy with blond-hair and blue eyes stands amidst a truck bed of watermelons while family members stand in the background .
people are walking together on a street .
"five individuals , three females and two males , are performing a dance in period costume wear outside ."
a woman sitting on some steps smokes a cigarette while accessing her laptop .
a little child in red pants and a black kimino like top is walking .
two kids playing on a pebble beach by the water
two people ride a motorbike on a road in front of stores .
two women cross a street in front of a motorized bike with two passengers .
two people converse on a park bench in the background of a box of memorabilia for sale .
a man and a woman wearing old victorian era costumes greet each other .
man wearing black takes a nap in a green park .
men are laying the foundation to a building .
two women walking by a building with a large american flag and a man standing in an orange shirt .
three police officers guarding a store .
people wait patiently in the crowd by the firetruck as they are directed by the fireman .
a crowd is watching fireworks at night .
a young boy in a gray t-shirt aims a gun attached to a truck .
kids in t-shirts stand on a wet deck .
a man in an orange shirt with an orange ladder next to a brick wall .
"a woman with red-hair , wearing a black flower dress is kneeling down beside some luggage looking at a cellphone ."
a large group of people crossing a city street .
woman near a shopping cart walking past a duck .
a colored couple rides bicycles with white wall tires along a city street .
two ladies in large sunhats walk down the street .
many people are sitting side by side on a low cement wall that separates a street from storefronts .
a woman is enjoying a drink on a crowded street .
"six men sit in front of a dock , four of them wearing blue ."
a woman outside sun-bathing on a blanket in a bikini .
three friends stand by the river and talk about old stories .
two women are sitting next to a staircase covered in graffiti .
a man standing watching a computer screen in a store .
2 men in white coats are looking on in a chinese restaurant .
a duck standing on a sidewalk with an asian woman and her two sons walking towards it .
an elderly woman sitting in the window of a stone building
a man and a woman wearing a hijab stand on a bridge as a ship passes in the distance .
two people talk next to a flag with an eye illustration .
the elderly bus driver opening the door for a passenger who needs to get off .
a woman in a yellow shirt walking by a parking lot .
a man in yellow is about to take a puff of his cigar as his wife watches .
a man is taking a picture of a woman on a crowded street .
people line up and wait for the security guard to allow them into an event .
a man wearing sunglasses and a plaid shirt playing a guitar .
"two people , a man and a woman , are on a stage at a band ."
a young couple hang out together .
three young men row an air-filled raft down a concrete-sided waterway .
a small band plays at a bistro .
a firemen team sprays a burning and smoking car with a hose on an intersection .
people watching other people perform on stage .
three people sitting on a bus each doing something different .
a woman with a backpack is standing next to a bicycle .
a woman wearing a black shirt is blowing a kiss .
a homeless women is sleeping in front of an altar .
one person is wearing a green shirt while sleeping on the sidewalk while another person wearing black pants is sleeping on the stairs .
a large woman sitting in front of the beatle story exhibit .
a boy carries a large bag on his head from a van .
a cowboy is falling off a horse at a rodeo .
a man that has a mohawk is at a market with a buggy in hand .
a man and a woman dressed in bright orange attire
"six black police officers , a white policewoman and white policeman stand outside ."
a father reading a picture book to his young daughter .
a man and a woman are jumping from a pier into a lake .
man holding a blue sash that is around a woman wearing a black robe .
a gas station name m&amp;h with gas the price of $ 2.52 .
a blond girl in a swing wearing crocs .
black male vendor staying cool under his white umbrella waiting for customers .
a man playing a keyboard in an empty subway station .
a man with a white shirt and glasses is sitting on the ground .
"many woman hold up a sign reading  "" impeach ""  ."
a group of people stand near a tree playing instruments .
a man sitting on a silver pole on the sidewalk overlooking the street .
people are walking down a narrow street that is lined with cars .
"a man holds up a  "" free hugs ""  sign above his head ."
a man in a bike and a man approaching him talking to him and in the surroundings there are lots of bikes
a group of young adults is lounging around on the sidewalk outside a building 's  entrance .
a group of asian people are crowded onto a floor resting .
three people are using a homemade cart to carry water from a well
three men sitting next to each other looking off to the side .
an average looking man is playing the guitar .
a crowd of women and men gather under umbrellas in the street .
a brunette woman is painting large mural on the ground .
a man vacuuming near a toddler in a soft green painted room .
an older woman looking at herself through a mirror .
a man in a dark wetsuit surfing in a blue watered ocean .
three boys and a mom at the harbor .
a woman id decorating a bead to be placed with the others .
a woman practices weaving on a traditional loom .
a spotted dog is putting its mouth up to a toddler 's  face who receives the attention with a scrunched up face .
the teen rode his bike around the people walking in the courtyard .
a woman with headphones holding a pen and paper while her feet are propped up on fence .
an aerial shot of a small boy carrying a soccer ball .
"two young ladies , one blond talking on the cellphone , one brunette texting , are walking on the summer street ."
a smiling man wearing a football jersey is carrying a stack of video games .
a boy is playing on a jungle gym with a basketball in front of him .
a man dressed in black dances with a woman in a red dress outside .
a girl in a blue hollister shirt walking down the street with two forever 21 bags .
a young boy climbing up a rope of some playground toy .
a bunch of kids and adults playing with different colored balls on a rock sidewalk .
a man is playing a drum in a marching band .
a man with a black shirt and blue shorts stands in the doorway of a storefront .
a woman working on her computer reading .
a woman with dark red-hair and a black hat looking at art in a gallery .
ethnic woman from behind with blue flower shirt and red fabric in her braided hair .
three people on two separate motorcycles pass one another on what appears to be a race in asia .
several men dressed in blue uniforms march .
a flock of people walking down an ancient street .
a man in blue jogs in front of a mural .
"a woman stands along a street , hidden by her parasol ."
a shirtless man wades in smooth blue water .
a man riding his bicycle with a red and white umbrella has his picture taken by a crowd .
a tourist is taking pictures of a cyclist with an umbrella .
"two men are trying to plow some dirt , behind a red motorcycle ."
man with camera and bag walking up stairs
a man wearing a yellow helmet with his visor up rides a red motorbike .
a man near a hawaiian sign .
a japanese couple in kimonos walk down the street on a rainy day .
"two asian woman standing wearing kimonos , while smiling ."
"seven people , three sitting and four standing , look at framed poster art in a gallery ."
people looking at an art exhibit .
row of people sitting at a bar stool table looking out a glass wall .
a man with his guitar plays on the street for tips .
"a blond girl with an instrument on her back wearing a gray tank top , gray shorts and ripped nylons with a bike ."
a man is sitting on a bench with his feet on a skateboard .
a girl heads into the pool while others chat at the side .
an elderly woman sits on the steps of a large monument .
a brunet man is kissing a crying baby .
an older man sweeping the street .
a woman in a white dress is holding a blue umbrella in the rain .
an elderly black man pushes his bike along a city sidewalk .
a young man in a red shirt dries a white car with two cloths .
a group of people are standing around near a building .
"a boy in a black hoodie is sitting on a step that says ,  "" moose rvs. "" "
a couple of people crossing the street .
a male figure wearing a black shirt and jeans is strumming a guitar while holding the pick with his mouth .
two women walking and waving flags on an almost empty city street .
runners participate in a marathon on closed city streets .
one of the wrestlers has pinned his opponent .
a woman is having her cigarette lit by a man out of the frame .
taking a nap in the park with friends .
children gather in a large room to watch an organized performance .
a man and a woman with headbands are talking to kids with their hands raised .
a group of people are on a boat in the water .
three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats .
three people going up an escalator and a man with a shopping cart coming down the escalator .
a woman is putting a ribbon in a little girl 's  hair .
two men and a boy standing in front of a brick building look up .
a lady with a green dress is using a microphone .
"a group of three bald men in red sitting on a railing , smoking and talking ."
"a woman and a man , outside , enjoying each others company ."
three windsurfers ride the waves in a choppy body of water .
a baby lays on a blanket beneath a woman .
"several people are congregating near an area with a tree , lots of bicycles and some debris , including old tires ."
a man in a jacket depicting the canadian maple leaf watches a concert .
a young asian boy is waving a sparkler around at night .
a man paints a large mural on the ground .
bearded man sitting on a bench next to a boat .
three women wearing sleeveless shirts are busy working on something .
"two women both wearing white shirts and black pants , one smoking sitting on a fixture on the sidewalk ."
a woman is wearing sunglasses and smiling .
a large group of asian people posing for a picture with a storm trooper
people are standing outside of a small shopping store .
two women in long dresses and head coverings are buying from a merchant .
a little boy is watching fireworks outside at night .
a group of blond-haired white boys looking lost as they walk down the street .
"a black man wearing a white , collared button-down is sewing ."
a woman in a black dress plays a ukulele and sings while a hat wearing man accompanies her with a pair of maracas and a drum in the background .
a group of people going on a carriage ride through a park .
a man with two children wearing life vests are in a swimming pool .
a happy little girl rides on the merry-go-round .
"a woman walks by a wall that has a road , flowers , skunk and a snake painted onto it ."
two young ladies sit in a living room with mauve chairs and eat snacks .
a woman sits on a bench underneath a sphinx sculpture .
a man walking while holding roses .
three women standing in the water beside a beach .
a hiker in a green shirt is looking in to a valley from a steep cliff .
a black and white dog is playing with a golf ball in the sand .
a fisherman takes some quiet time waiting for a catch .
a man leans against a statue in front of a building .
a blond girl in a purple shirt and plaid shorts playing with a string toy .
a street spray paint artist is creating new work while showing his art .
"a man walking down a deserted street , shown from the ground ."
a man with a camera is engaging another man in conversation on a street .
a baby in a purple and yellow bouncer is crying .
two children play in water falling from a mosaic covered spout .
man crammed into a phone booth wearing a pink shirt .
a japanese couple walks past a woman wearing a scarf on her head while walking down the street .
a newborn baby is helped by doctors .
one girl is eating a green apple outside while another looks into the distance .
woman in white shirt looks at couches in front of a graffiti covered building .
a young man is looking around a corner while holding his phone in his hands .
two people walk down a mountain path .
an unidentified curved street with three people walking away from the camera .
the two people are coming out of grill shop .
a british royal guard on patrol outside a stone building .
an asian man moving carts on the sidewalk to their destination .
local muslims celebrate the opening of a new restaurant sponsored by channel 1 news .
people brace themselves on a carnival ride .
a group of people gathering in front of a clothing store .
a man with a mask and various pieces of clothing .
"old world stone houses and streets look lovely in the background , and faint person can be seen walking ."
a woman and an older man participate on a ride together .
two men covered in red paint or blood on a busy sidewalk .
people dressed as zombies are parading .
five individuals in pretending to be zombies and one infant .
people are walking in a city street .
a woman in a short red dress and costume wings is walking in a public fountain .
a lady is wearing a pink cowboy hat .
a woman with a red-hair tie and black polka-dot top holding a bottle of water .
a woman wearing a multicolored sundress is walking with a man wearing a black t-shirt and wearing shades .
an aged woman cradles her hand-rolled cigarette as she smokes .
young woman wearing striped shirt rock climbing .
the person with the red long-sleeved shirt is climbing a rock in the snow .
asian woman in purple stands there in a foreign place .
a woman in shorts and knee-high socks is walking down the sidewalk .
a man is walking with a cane .
a bicycle cop or security guard is riding in front of an outback steakhouse .
people are acting like a zombies .
man with star tattoo wearing black t-shirt and shorts admiring art displayed outside .
the man with the red tie is making faces .
a man in a purple shirt and a black hat is taking a picture with a yellow digital camera
a man takes a picture of a bird in the water .
a man in a white shirt and dark pants is walking down a street .
two men are conversing together dressed in traditional clothing .
asian man in blue asian robe dancing in front of asian musicians in blue .
a man with a beard in a white robe about to eat something .
a man and a woman in a shawl sit down in front of a body of water .
a lady being arrested by a lady cop .
a man and woman sitting outside a shop next to an empty road .
a few people wandering around an old crumbling part of a city .
a man and woman in a parlor walking into a hallway .
a woman stands in front of a building .
an older woman in a kimono is listening to something with headphones .
two kids with black hair eating with chopsticks .
a boy and girl play in a city fountain .
a man is standing on top of a bridge working .
a white man is seen in a swimming pool floating above many floating devises .
a woman in boots stands under her umbrella talking on the phone .
a black man is standing with one leg on a short wall talking on his cellphone .
a girl in a black shirt is watching a chemical reaction .
a group of kids stand outside on a street .
a woman picking through her child 's  hair .
"a man in a red hat carries a black overnight bag , while another in a cowboy hat follows him ."
woman walking up the stairs in a art gallery .
"a woman stands in a crowd wearing a green shirt , pink backpack , and a mexican flag attached to the bag ."
a boy holding a sponge and washing dishes .
a man is standing behind a black gate .
a woman with purple hair is beside a man .
"college aged students playing in a puddle of water , most dressed in red ."
a woman sleeping on a bench in a swimsuit .
an action shot of a drummer in a plaid shirt going to town on a drum kit in front of a hedge .
two toddlers and a younger man enjoy their bottles .
a man is running down a sand covered mountain .
a man leans against a pillar while reading a book
three men travel through water on a motorized inflatable raft .
woman wearing white with a baby in her lap .
a woman wearing a scarf and gloves and with her face painted walks past .
a mustachioed man plays the accordion on the street .
a woman orders ice cream from a man in white .
many dark-haired people gathered for something .
a man and woman are standing on top of a structure .
an older man is standing alone on a sidewalk at night .
two men are looking at a floor that is being repaired .
men are standing around a small train outside .
a male in a green striped tank top skateboarding .
a smiling construction worker kneeling down .
a boy in yellow is riding a scooter on the street .
a young guy playing for an audience .
a man stands on the side of a street in a doorway .
two women in soccer uniforms playing soccer .
a boy in a white shirt does a trick on his skateboard at a skate park .
a small boy runs in a large field of grass .
two dogs are running side by side in the field .
an old man is sitting on the sidewalk playing his acoustic guitar .
a man in a helmet does a jump on his bike .
a man in medieval armor rides atop a horse .
a man in a blue tank top doing pastel artwork on the sidewalk .
a older man walking down the street .
a latino man leans on one of the coolers in his food stand .
a young boy enjoys the cool water .
a young man in a black shirt and jeans and carrying a case for a musical instrument is crossing a street .
two women sit on a bench next to a bronze statue .
a man and a woman greeting each other on bikes in front of a building .
injured lady sitting and resting her leg on a walker
"an upset girl sits on a log , head in hands , in front of a bicycle lodged in a tree ."
a formally attired couple find an informal moment in the fountain .
a group of people on a dock with a boat on the other side of the dock .
a driver is staring out her car window at a cat in the street .
a man in a black vest is whispering in the ear of a smiling girl .
"a group of people are standing behind a fence , many are taking photographs ."
"a middle-aged haggard looking redhead in a white shirt and silver necklace , is listening on a yellow phone ."
people are standing around watching for something .
woman in long blue dress leaning over near white bucket on the side of a street .
a baby girl is asleep on someone 's  shoulder .
men in white garments carry an object on their shoulders .
two men are at work in construction .
blond woman in a black skirt business outfit interacting with a customer service woman .
lady walking through rows of children .
a man is walking in front of a pink hotel holding a yellow bag .
a man in a green tank top holding his stomach .
a teenage girl wearing a t-shirt and bathing suit bottom jumps into a body of water .
a soldier is teaching kids how to handle a gun .
people gather around in a street while a man in a hat sits in a chair .
a main shorts digs in the snow on a sunny afternoon .
a man is shoveling snow while wearing shorts and a pink shirt .
a small child wearing pink stands in a doorway .
"an elderly man , holding a package is standing in front of a sign that has a girl with headphones ."
a man on a scooter and a red shirt is looking back .
people are gathered at some kind of shop on the side of the street .
women sitting at a table with a small fire .
a man in a hat turning and smiling towards the camera .
a crowd waves red and yellow flags .
two women in white tops stand near a man and a woman with luggage on the sidewalk .
a crowded street with pedestrians being directed by police and barriers .
a man stands on the back of a trash truck .
people walking along the street with umbrellas .
"children at maybe , at their school , or maybe , a field trip ."
three people are staring at a small painting .
"a man walking across the street on the road that says  "" keep clear ""  ."
two people are in the ocean .
men on a bike transporting various sizes of metal buckets .
a large crane demolishes a structure while a person standing nearby on an elevated platform squirts water from a hose .
"four women standing with backs toward viewer , either with bikini tops or tank tops on ."
a young adult is throwing a softball to home base .
two young boys in uniforms eating rice with their hands while sitting on the ground .
"two women , one in traditional mexican clothing , help a child across the street , as a man looks on ."
a girl in a blue dress standing next to a wooden post on sidewalk .
a child and woman on the street in traditional garb .
"a man in a t-shirt holds an infant , who is reaching for his face ."
a barefoot woman reads a book along the water .
two muslim men wearing head wraps walking in a city .
a fan at a soccer game is wearing a curly red wig .
a woman wearing bright colored clothing walks past a jeep cherokee that 's  behind a fence .
two men are looking across the water in a small boat .
a man in overalls and gloves is laying underneath a truck .
people walk down a brick road lined with cars .
a man in a wheelchair is being pushed towards a monk .
a man is reading a newspaper .
people looking at the beach and a woman in a wine top taking a picture .
lady in white dress with tattooed leg looks at friend 's  camera .
"two men protesting with signs outside of a convention center that has a sign that says  "" exxxotica miami beach ""  ."
two men in jeans are walking near a large stone wall .
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans is walking a dog .
a woman in a white dress is riding a bicycle .
a sidewalk scene with a girl in white shirt biting her thumb .
a young man with a backpack and blue sunglasses is crossing the street .
"a short-haired man in a white shirt and khaki pants walks forward past a black car , holding a white notebook ."
a man in a white shirt and tie walking across the street .
a woman with wavy short red-hair and glasses wearing a tan sleeveless shirt is walking down a street .
group of people walk through a mall or train station .
seated black man in business suit gestures with hands while white man listens .
one man wearing a red shirt is kissing another man .
a man is using spray paint on a wall mural .
a building has multiple balconies with various plants growing on its fence .
a girl stands on a gravel road as the sun sets .
fat man and dog are sitting in front of a statue .
a group of boys in green and blue outfits swing green and blue flags in the air to an on-looking crowd .
a bicyclist in a bike lane .
firetrucks surrounding a burning building at night and spraying water from various directions .
"man tests telescope while little boy looks on , as they stand in a memorial park ."
a dirt biker rides up a rocky hill on a motorized dirt bike .
three women are walking on a street .
"a woman holds her child out of a red window , next to a color tv sign ."
a person in sandals is hidden by large soccer balls .
a woman with black hair and wearing all black is sitting on a rock looking into the distance .
a blue road sign is partially concealed by a nearby foliage .
"a woman with a knit cap , dark jacket and brown horizontally striped shirt smiles as she ice skates with two women close behind her ."
kids are playing in fountains in a city .
these two workers are working on putting up some kind of metal building .
a man admiring the scenery in an unfamiliar location .
a woman in a red coat is leaving a photo shop .
man standing in the rain carrying an umbrella .
groups of people are riding down a river in rafts .
some people are paddling in an air filled raft .
"a child swims in a stream , whilst other children wait to jump off a rock ."
a group of young people are boating and wearing life jackets .
a baby and three cats are resting on a bed .
an old man is smoking by sitting in the steps .
a man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder .
two people walking with a dog and using umbrellas .
a man in a bright green shirt and brimmed hat sits with three other men on a concrete rise .
people wearing life vests sitting in a boat paddling .
a group of people in life jackets standing on a large boulder in the mountains .
a man with a blue bull mask in a crowd of people .
a woman sits down to play a casino video game .
a man wearing glasses plays a guitar behind a music stand .
a woman in a white shirt and gray skirt if standing under a white umbrella .
an individual dressed in a yellow shirt and camouflage pants is walking down the sidewalk .
a child sits with its head on its arm in a room .
a man holding tongs at a barbecue .
a long-haired man in a white t-shirt and jeans plays a keyboard standing
a happy woman picks through bright green and white flowers .
a man wearing orange robes and sandals walks past a pale orange wall .
a group of people are looking through a microscope .
a woman in red sips a drink as she looks at the people below her .
two young asians in shorts waiting by a curb .
a woman wearing a skirt is reading a book on a stone bench .
boy tugs hotdog cart with man pushes cart from behind .
a group of people is walking down a city street outside of buildings .
a dark stage set is under construction .
a man in a red shirt and a lady in a green shirt on a silver moped .
a woman wearing sandals is pushing a cart with vegetables .
a woman wearing a black dress leaning against a building smoking a cigarette .
four asians sitting on a bench in a building .
a man is walking down the sidewalk in front of the colorful building .
a teenager in a blue shirt is skateboarding past a blockbuster video .
an elderly man wearing a sombrero riding a mobility scooter while shopping for shoes .
a man in a black shirt stands in front of an emergency vehicle .
a man is playing a saxophone while people on the street listen to the music .
man standing against blue wall with shirt on head
"as the blue sky is dappled with white , fluffy clouds , two people are standing together near a seating area with green umbrellas ."
many men sit and share a meal together .
two dancers are giving a performance at public function .
a woman is walking by a group of three men .
a band of older men on stage smiling and clapping their hands .
a man walking across a patch of grass in the middle of a street .
a large busted woman in a yellow shirt has a pink shoulder bag on her shoulder .
two men stand in front of a shabby vegetable stand .
three boys are in the park watching kids play .
a man wearing a gladiator costume standing a busy street .
an indian man in a hat is sitting and smiling .
a woman is a blue top is walking amidst a crowd .
a woman with dark hair is sitting on stone steps and looking forward .
an older man wearing a white shirt sits on a sidewalk .
a woman in a tan dress is tending to her wares in the market .
a dark-haired drummer is playing his set with enthusiasm .
a woman wearing a green aeropostale shirt and a green bracelet is walking down the street with her head down .
man in blue shirt crossing street with odd objects in his hands .
"five children are on a slide , all dressed in different colored clothes ."
a man at a food cart is serving corn .
a man standing next to a car holds up his hands .
a woman with facial piercings and red-hair .
a young man wearing jeans is walking down a sidewalk with a stack of papers on his head .
woman walks with red grocery bags down the cobble street .
a group of people eat a meal in a crowded outdoor location .
an elderly man is drinking orange juice at a cafe .
"a person with dark hair wearing a white tank top , red pants and white shoes is walking down a sidewalk with artwork displayed against a wall ."
woman in long skirt walking across street .
a little girl in a pink shirt sitting in a stadium bench .
a family relaxes with cold water outside their camper .
a man is walking by a building on a sunny day .
a couple is photographed in front of a large outdoor fountain .
several people stand on a bike rack to look at something over bleachers .
a woman is blowing bubbles while in the middle of a crowd .
a pigeon flies towards a woman who is surrounded by a flock of pigeons .
a group of students looking over a balcony on a senior trip .
a family camping with an rv and sitting around a table .
a nice young lady on a stage dancing and look very beautiful .
"several people are standing around in a wooded area , with an recreational vehicle in clear view , two older men and two children can be seen , including a young , smiling girl ."
a boy standing in water is holding a yellow football .
a mom and her two kids read a book outside a building with workers wearing orange .
three young children play in a fountain .
a woman in a pool with a young girl throws a football .
children and a woman play in a fountain .
people are standing on a crowded street with suitcases .
a group of older men convening in the wilderness
a man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street .
woman in dark jacket sitting on a bench .
a female singer and dancer is on stage at a jazz festival wearing a white dress with floral prints .
a man is rowing a boat through a river in a city .
three people are standing on a concrete wall next to the ocean .
three females are jumping while reaching up into the air .
the men standing on the edge of a torn down building .
a man smiling for the camera standing in a parking lot .
an artist is selling his paintings in front of a large tree in a park
"two women with tye dyed bras , multicolored necklaces , and short denim shorts ."
a tired man is sleeping on his motorcycle on the side of the road .
a man with a backpack stands along a tree lined street .
a man posing with his arms out while folded clothing and boxes lie on the ground .
people crossing a street next to a smart car .
people crossing the street and a man on the sidewalk .
a woman in a blue shirt and black pants is fixing her white sock .
a man wearing glasses is speaking or singing into a microphone .
a happy women and a young adult getting their picture taken .
a group of people sitting around outside near walls that are painted .
a gaggle of youths sitting atop a cement structure .
"a man in red , white , and blue shorts focuses on something below ."
a long-haired guy playing the drums .
two women wearing healthcare uniforms are on a sidewalk and the one with yellow shoes is jumping in the air .
a male singer wearing sunglasses singing to a microphone
"middle-aged woman wearing a white blouse , sitting at a table outside a restaurant ."
a group of people are gathered in a city street .
a group of people wait at the bottom of the stairs that two men in suits are walking down .
a woman in a brown dress is interviewing two men .
giant clear bears sit in the street in new york city .
asian people walking down the street of a market with their purchases .
"a person is riding a bicycle in a city past a shop called  "" kenji ""  ."
a woman laying in a field .
"customers view items in a small store called  "" jump shop ""  ."
two boys are riding their bikes on the street .
a child and a parent or older sibling going for a hike .
two asian men wearing black are sitting outside and talking .
a young person in black pants and a brown fedora uses their mobile device on a city sidewalk .
a boy is wearing a black t-shirt .
a man wearing white is talking to a man wearing black while standing on a platform .
several people are waiting for something to arrive .
woman sitting on the bleachers in a cowboy hat watching some sort ranching competition .
"musicians play on stage at coney island , ny ."
a couple sit in each others embrace as they gaze out at the river .
an author signing his book for a fan .
many adults and children eat a meal in a public area .
a girl is walking by a parking garage .
wall art and murals featured on the side of the east side hotel proclaim they love berlin .
people inside and outside of booths at an event .
a girl in a red jacket playing a guitar at a fair or circus .
young man with long dark hair plays a guitar on stage .
a group of people wearing white clothing and red sashes walk down a street .
a group of people are sitting next to a concession stand .
a daughter helps her mother in the kitchen in this family photo-op .
a guitarist with long hair playing the guitar at a concert
a woman in a hat walks away from a small ice cream vendor car .
man walking with tall buildings with reflections behind him .
"a black woman with an afro and glasses walking down a street in chinatown , talking on the phone and wearing a multicolored scarf ."
two guys walking on road .
"a band plays music on stage under blue-green lights and with a red background , a white-shirted dj standing in the middle of the stage ."
a person in a red coat plays an electric guitar .
a man selling religious paraphernalia stands in front of a mosque .
a couple gazing out into the ocean from a bridge .
two men with glasses and large mustaches with british flags in the background .
this is one of those places that you may see just about anything .
two women wearing matching skirts with union jacks printed on them walk through a fair .
a guy playing a guitar on a stage smiling .
a woman lying in a grassy field taking a photo with her camera .
a lady wearing a green t-shirt is leaning against a white column .
a woman with a redhead covering is standing with a man wear a shirt with stripes on it .
a black man in a tank top rests .
two women with umbrellas walk between two cars as they cross the street .
dog sleeps outside on the cemented street in asian country .
a gray-haired lady is standing next to a vegetable display at the market .
three happy little girls posing for a photograph .
a man is sitting in the passenger seat of a red three-wheeled rickshaw .
a man in a hat and an orange jacket stands beside a plastic wrapped female mannequin .
a young girl is playing next to a fire hydrant that is spraying water .
a man and a woman dressed in green stand besides a pillar .
a group of people consisting of 6 people are waiting somewhere while 4 of them are talking to each other .
a hooker on a street corner .
a woman in a bathing suit and shorts walking down the street in a black hat and sunglasses .
man with back to camera looking out over a forest .
a woman in a skirt is talking on the phone outside a restaurant .
two men sitting together with a calendar on the wall behind them .
a man in a checkered shirt and white sandals is asleep while reading the paper .
a man facing away from the camera sitting on an aqua colored stool .
a family with young children with suitcases walk down a paved area .
a man and children are pulling bags behind them near a large globe .
two uniformed men talk while standing on a road .
person standing on sidewalk next to pile of garbage .
two people are sitting around a tree and one man is posing by the tree .
a girl in jeans sitting on rock getting her picture taken .
a man is selling fresh fruit at the market .
a stocky lady in a yellow shirt holding up a sign in spanish .
"a gentleman with a red shirt , glasses and graying hair is standing in a room full of seated people ."
three people are sitting at a table together .
a woman in a green shirt and black helmet struggles with a man in jeans and a light blue shirt .
a crowd of people waiting along the side of a building .
a man in a white shirt plays the cello next to a woman in black playing a harp .
when struggling to work on scaffolding in humid weather .
the man with the bicycle is waiting for the car to pass so he can cross the street .
man in black suite speaking a podium .
"three men are sitting on a stone ledge , and one has a cigarette in his mouth ."
a young man carries flags outside a building
a man driving a carriage and two horses is walking along the street
a group of boys playing soccer .
"an old man , behind him on glass is many political advertisements ."
a woman in a blue dress is walking on a sidewalk .
a woman in a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street .
a woman in all black walking past a department store window .
a man in a suit is holding an american flag next to a white screen with a logo on it .
couple holding hands walking on sidewalk in front of house .
"a crowd of people in white and red clothing march through a red doorway set into a white alleyway , two men with cups looking on to the right ."
two older men waiting to cross the street .
a crowd of people protesting with a man in the foreground .
a man wearing a white shirt is pushing a bicycle down the sidewalk .
a young girls with a short red dress makes a phone call while holding a bright blue bag .
sitting guy handling a stapler while another guy looks on .
two females and a male are sitting at a table eating .
some asians gather for an event in a gymnasium .
"two woman , both of which are wearing black shirts , are eating ."
people in yellow shirts are attending a concert .
many students waiting for transportation in the waiting area are taking pictures of each other before they return home .
children playing in a jump house with a spongebob theme .
a group of kids sitting at a table one is holding a white piece of paper .
two girls are standing behind another girl .
a man wearing a striped shirt smiles and points as he holds a bunch of necklaces .
three people lounging on benches and watching people at the park .
some bike riders riding on a path through a city .
"a shirtless man with dreads , playing with batons ."
a boston celtics fan having lunch before the game between boston and lakers .
a bald man with a beard plays the accordion in front of green doors
a man and a laughing woman sit at a blue table with a styrofoam box on it .
a woman taping a paper notice to a board .
two men sitting on a bench where one has his head in his lap and a large yellow bag next to him .
man with backpack hanging a sign on a pole in a lobby .
a boy pointing at the number one and gesturing the number one with his finger .
a man and a woman standing beside each other shaking hands .
"four young asian women stand outside by an empty cardboard box , using straws to sip drinks from yellow cups ."
the three people are talking to each other
young kids showing a game they play in their country .
a man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart .
"two men and a woman sit at a table , the woman holds up her hands in the peace symbol ."
a man and a woman are sitting down .
four small kids dress in black and red wedding attire play on the floor .
a person on a bicycle pulls a cart full of sticks .
a man in a colorful shirt dressed as a clown .
a little girl in a dress sits on the steps to have a snack .
the woman who is wearing a bowtie is walking down the streets of new york .
a group of street drummers play while some onlookers dance .
a man in a straw hat wearing a backpack is riding on a motorized skateboard .
three ladies lay on a beach facing the ocean .
a person is listening to music over their headphones while walking down a deserted street .
a guy in an office is fixing the coffee maker .
a man in a red tee-shirt steers his bicycle-like vehicle on a street in santo domingo .
two women are walking down a sidewalk .
a young lady in a light blue outfit walking along a beautifully designed sidewalk .
a woman in a tan jacket walks down a busy sidewalk .
"two police officer looking men on a motorcycle , with a white ice chest on it as well , wearing hats"
"man sitting in yellow car in the sun , wiping forehead ."
a man peers from behind the protective cage of a piece of heavy machinery while wearing protective headphones on his head .
"a man and woman sitting , with a man standing to the left ."
a woman in a green top and orange shorts is walking on the street .
a man is pushing his blue painted snack cart through the street .
a woman and 2 small children play in sprinklers from the ground .
people race to catch the metro at dusk .
men and women at tables having drinks on the aft deck of a boat moored in a marina .
a man stares out across a rail yard .
four people stand next to some bikes while one of them points .
a man on stage in front of a flag speaking into a microphone to a crowd .
three people are standing on a mat and one has a harness on .
men walk down a street playing the drums .
a female employee of a fish market weighs an item on the scale .
a man is buying his vegetables in the market .
two brown dog play together in the water .
"men strolling a brick-paved , brightly lit , business district ."
a man and woman being intimate in a large empty room .
"2 kids on a boat looking off , blue floor ."
a young child smiling and looking outside of his window .
a crowd of people is looking at something outside of a gap store .
an older woman gets cash from her wallet at a another woman 's  stand on the street .
a man in khaki pants and a woman in a skirt cross a street .
a young girl in camouflage face paint is holding a pink sign .
two women in the middle of the street talking .
two women in skirts stand together behind a metal fence on a public street .
two people are standing and talking with each other .
young asian boy sits down and reads a book at a book fair as a female looks on .
a woman looking at her cellphone while a man watches her .
"a girl in a white shirt , walking beside her bike ."
a group of people sit before a campfire .
a woman with sneakers and a skirt is sweeping out a storage building .
a group of people marching in a parade waving flags .
"a quartet of young people , possibly spanish or portuguese , wearing red bandannas , while one conspicuously does not , stroll down a boulevard ."
it appears they are setting up for the meet .
"a group of young people sit at bar , socializing ."
a humvee is on display in the middle of a public square .
two women sitting in green chairs and a little boy in a red shirt throwing a sign .
a man in blue speedos is holding black goggles .
a group of people in white shirts and red bandannas are congregated together .
a crowd of people looking at a bulletin board in chinese .
"a young man wearing a business suit , sitting on a bus with his head down ."
a young child wearing a yellow shirt is standing on the sidewalk .
several people are washing themselves off using showers at the beach .
group wearing yellow and orange shirts riding mountain bikes .
"a man with glasses and a young girl smiling for the camera , the girl gives a peace sign ."
three girls are riding on a roller coaster .
a little boy in a green shirt is eating chocolate ice cream .
a man in a gray t-shirt is sitting against a sidewalk tree .
a little girl with black pigtails riding a pink bicycle with training wheels .
a little girl wearing a white blouse is standing by books .
a man in blue jeans sitting in front of a store .
a kayaker traverses some churning rapids .
the man is in a yellow kayak in rough waters .
a man is standing over a cubicle with a chair covered by a sports jersey .
a woman sings on stage as a man plays an instrument in unison with her vocals .
a man in a blue coat plays guitar beneath a tree .
a group of elderly people visiting a market stand near a rooster .
a woman is waiting for a subway train .
two little boys with spoons stirring something in two metal pans .
"man pulling a cart full of buckets , mops and brooms ."
"a woman with bright red lipstick , sunglasses and a red plaid shirt is looking towards the camera ."
a man is wearing a red shirt and vest .
woman in jacket with hood up walks alone down crowded street .
two women in dresses walking down the sidewalk .
a woman at an outdoor event holds a brochure in her hand .
band on stage and people watching the screen .
a crowd of people together in one area .
a woman with a rolling luggage waits on a sidewalk .
an old man wearing a blue shirt is standing against a wall .
a man in an office is playing with a child
a man wearing orange overalls uses a roller to cover graffiti .
man in a gray shirt and black pants standing in front of a storefront .
three parked taxis with two parked police cars behind them .
a man in a scary potato sack mask .
a woman is taking a break from sweeping up a broken pot to gaze out of the window .
older men concentrate while playing a game of dominoes .
a man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront .
people walk past starbucks coffee store with green awnings .
a man and a woman holding hands while walking .
a man on a bicycle leads a horse and rider in a rural area .
"a shop with two men outside , one man entering the shop , and motorcycles viewable on the right side of the frame ."
a man in a bowtie is working with wood .
a man in a black hat is talking to a woman with an animal print shirt .
several groups of pedestrians on a city street during the day .
"a woman in a green jacket stands by a wall full of artwork , in front of a store displaying clothing and shoes ."
a woman in a blue jacket walking outside .
a man playing a violin is in front of another man playing the accordion .
two men in straw hats stand by a pile of hay on a busy street .
a man in a leather jacket is sitting on a fence by the beach .
woman in heels and skirt looking at products .
blond woman in blue outfit lounging on floor pillow at outside table alone .
boy playing in water coming off fountain .
a girl wearing pink walks by a mural of a girl with pink hair .
a man in a black shirt sitting at a restaurant table texting .
two women in white dresses are posing on a blanket for photographs in the middle of a park .
people are gathered on a street corner in summer clothing .
a man with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a chevy van .
two women next to a stage of people playing instruments
people walking and a lady looking at her cellphone while walking in a big city shopping .
a person is laying on a blue blanket on a street sidewalk .
a man and a woman are coming down an escalator .
a woman with long hair sitting on a concrete bench .
"a woman carries a child , wearing green earphones , on her back"
a batter prepares for a swing during a game of cricket .
a person sitting in front of a laptop and many electrical parts .
a man fishing off of a small dock at sunset .
an aircraft is standing with a gothic building in the back .
little kid playing in water .
a man with a tan jacket is walking past a woman in a ponytail .
a man standing in front of a glass door .
a group of people are gathered in a protest against the middle east violence .
"asian female wearing a backpack , smirking over her shoulder ."
a guy in khakis and sandals is at a laundry mat .
a man is pushing many cartons of bread down the street .
an airplane flying over a fence with a few bystanders watching it as it approaches its landing .
a young boy practicing hitting a baseball from a tee .
man and lady walking up grassy lane of castle .
people are waiting for a train at the subway .
"a group of people stand on the sidewalk in front of several storefronts , with a cart parked near them ."
an older man is playing a violin on the street .
people passing the time in a city in a middle eastern country .
man in white shirt standing in street with vendors and lots of people .
a plane flies low over a grassy area where a girl is sitting in a folding chair .
a man wearing black sits outside under palm trees near green and blue chairs .
three young girls standing outside near a fence smile at the camera .
a group of people in white uniforms building human ladder .
a man talks on his phone next to white brick wall with blue paint spattered on parts .
a blond child is hiding behind a wooden post .
a young lady reads a book while sitting outside at the base of a palm tree .
a blond woman poses with two people painted to look like statues .
"some people are sitting , some are standing on a sidewalk ."
a man in a suit is smoking and talking on the phone .
a blond woman in a tank top and shorts puts her foot in a fountain .
a man is singing and the girl is playing an instrument .
a picture of pigeons taking off with a young girl in the distant background .
a person holding a flat box is standing near two people sitting down .
a male swimmer in a blue speedo swimsuit adjusts his goggles .
a man in a tank top looks at a woman near a water sculpture .
two elderly women are sitting on a bench and conversing .
two young boys wander through a crowd wearing bright yellow shirts .
"a man wearing a hat , white shirt , pants , and shoes sleeps on a park bench ."
"a man waiting in the subway area next to the bus , reading the paper ."
a child running through water outside at a park .
two woman and two man standing underneath a rain covert tent .
this young girl is wearing a red and black checkered shirt .
green bicycle sitting outside on sidewalk on display .
a man standing on a stage playing a guitar and a harmonica waving to the crowd .
several asians in front of store concepts .
a man in a blue shirt is sitting on a doorstep talking on his cellphone .
a small boy and his father selling snow cones from their street cart .
a girl reads and listens to music on a bus .
a well dressed woman is shopping in front of a store .
a crowded city street with the focus on an older man playing the guitar .
a man is dozing off above some green glasses .
a person in shorts with a tattooed calf holds the leash of a large white dog in a blue vest .
a man is launched into the air from a raft .
the six people are in a blue raft in the water and one person flew out of the raft .
a man in a sleeveless shirt resting by the sidewalk .
a little girl and boy on the back of a bicycle waiting for dad to pedal .
two black men standing in front of a light pole .
three people lined on the street shading themselves from the sun with umbrellas .
a man looks to buy bottles at a market .
people are watching a man who is climbing on a rock face .
a woman wearing a wonder woman costume and a red jacket .
an older woman wearing a hat and pink shirt enjoys a cigarette .
a man carrying a giant banana toy walks in street fair with toddler holding his hand .
man looks out of his blue car and holds a rag out the window .
a group of people rowing on a lake .
an old woman wearing a white shirt and green shorts is standing on a sidewalk .
a man wearing a white t-shirt looking away from the camera .
a group of four men washing and drying dishes in a commercial kitchen .
two male students clean in a lab with the chairs upturned on the tables .
"a boy wearing a pink tie and another boy wearing a girl 's  dress , and lot of people in the background ."
a man in black jacket and helmet at his hand poses with a smile .
a young boy in a cowboy hat and a blue jean jacket sitting in a stroller .
a black woman in a striped dress sitting on a blue bench .
one person is standing beside a tree with the sun shining through the leaves .
a boy and his father go walking in cowboy clothing .
a man in a black shirt running down a busy sidewalk
an older gentleman speaking at a podium .
two young boys wearing shorts play outside while a police officer watches .
an old man wearing glasses speaking in front of a podium .
a child in red pants holding a metal basket next to another child in a blue jacket .
two ladies show affection that will lead to a kiss .
there is a group of many adults around a fake pirate ship dressed up as pirates .
old person walking down the sidewalk next to a white building .
a red vintage automobile parks in front of the karlova 25 .
a teenage boy wearing a cap looks irritated
a smiling middle-aged man wearing over-sized red sunglasses and a colorful patterned shirt sits in the grass in front of a blue-green backdrop .
a small red and white race car is competing during a race .
a man wearing a cap and glasses is fixing the seat of a bicycle .
a chef cooks on a wok on an outdoor grill .
a man and woman couple walk past wall painted with figures of people and graffiti .
a person is sitting on a rock ledge overlooking a body of water .
a green object with a light is suspended over a sidewalk where three people are walking .
a man is doing his speech .
a man with a hiking equipment is tying his shoe in the woods .
several women are performing a dance at a formal event .
an asian woman in a crowded venue getting ready to snap a picture
a group of children are walking in the sand .
"a woman wiping the brow of another woman , sitting down amongst a crowd of woman , drinking from a bottle ."
a man with glasses playing a silver guitar .
three hikers are standing near and on a wooden structure made partially of logs .
a bar with a man and a woman talking
a man in a cream shirt sitting at an outdoor restaurant with a black car behind him .
a man with a large mohawk and dio shirt manipulates a cellphone .
"brown , black and white dog standing on a sandy slope ."
a group of people in green shirts walking along a beautiful beach .
a man in a suit is shaking someone 's  hand while two other gentlemen watch .
five people posing for a family style photo .
"a woman , holding a red parasol , takes a picture while looking over a wall ."
a woman and a man carrying a pink cooler .
a boy in a blue tank top is playing the bass guitar with one foot in the air .
"two people on a white beach , one has a very long stick ."
"a young girl in a bathing suit , drinking from a green glass bottle"
a woman wearing shorts and sandals crossing the street with yellow taxis in the background .
a group of people walking outside a theme park in the middle of the day .
a crowd of people standing outside a building .
a young man wearing a red t-shirt and black pants performs a front wheel stand on a bicycle .
a tourist walks beneath the shade of a building .
a woman in a purple half shirt and a skirt walking down a street .
people outside in a field harvesting something .
a young man in a striped shirt holds up a log in a park .
four children are playing at a swing set .
older asian man looking out of a building with sunlight coming in .
two men in sunglasses are walking down the street .
two women with alcoholic drinks in their hands are conversing with one another .
a man sitting down on concrete reading a book .
glass windows showcase a model of a man sitting and wearing black .
the lady is taking pictures of statue .
a man in a white shirt and black pants standing at the side or the road .
a young couple with child shops at a small sandwich and coffee shop .
a man with a mustache and a guitar sings for tips on the street .
a person stands under a city light pole on a sidewalk at night .
a blond girl having a conversation with her brunette friend at an outdoor concert venue in the rain .
a group of people light lanterns .
group of men and women sitting on boxes and buckets in a space with medium light and food .
two cars and three men are standing next to a loading dock .
a woman in an apron cleans a table that is surrounded by different colored chairs .
a man with long hair leans against a chain while holding a picture .
a man is standing inside a doorway that is in a wall painted with a mural of a woman .
three people watch a fourth draw a chalk portrait on the street .
a group of people are gathered outside around a statue .
a woman putting jewelry in the window display .
a man bicycles through a narrow road toward a square bordered by a castle with a block tower .
two people are walking across a path between buildings .
a couple walks under an arch in a narrow street with balconies .
a young boy sits outside and peddles for money while playing an accordion .
a woman is walking down the street with headphones in her ears next to a man in a business suit .
a black sweater lady carrying a purple bag on the street .
two women are sitting and looking in the same direction .
african american lady holing a basket on her head .
this photo includes a statue of a man and a woman walking with a blue shirt walking behind it .
several people stroll through a park with many trees .
a woman on a city street takes a photo while people walk by .
a man is cooking something on the stove .
1 man standing and several people sitting down waiting on a subway train .
a male artist drawing with chalk on the street .
a busy pizza shop is located on a heavily trafficked street corner .
a policeman is riding his motorcycle down the street .
a group of oriental young people are standing outside the doorway to a store .
this is a good map for tourists .
two women on the subway complete enthralled with their gadgets .
a man walks past a graffitied area .
a group of three women and one man peer into a store window .
a man in a doctors coat emerges from a building .
a man and child are together with a blue net in front of them .
a woman shopping for fruit at an outdoor market .
a man selling ice cream out of a cart to a small child on the street .
a farmhand in training points over the barrier at a livestock auction .
a lady wearing glasses playing the saxophone in front of a store .
four girls are sitting in a hot tub .
a man stands on a transportation platform with earphones and a handheld electronic device .
a man in a yellow shirt is reading a book .
man with a striped backpack roller-skating down a busy avenue with other roller-skaters .
a man is sitting on a square stone eating his lunch .
"an asian schoolgirl in a typical schoolgirl uniform , dark pullover , plaid skirt , and knee socks with penny loafers ."
a woman in a red scarf walking through an entryway on a street .
a girl is playing with toys inside of a tub of water .
two people cooking on a sunny day for others .
"while the man waits for a train , he is reading a book ."
an african american woman is picking tomatoes in a garden .
a middle-aged man wearing glasses and a middle-aged woman both look grumpy and upset .
a spanish guitar paler and a lady dancer performing on stage .
a little girl does a handstand on a trampoline
small child with turquoise shorts standing near a large tree .
a group of women all similarly dressed marching holding a large object on their right .
a crowd enjoying a concert .
a crowd of people gathers around the oxford circus station in london .
people sit and watch as a street performer is singing .
a young man wearing a green shirt is tending to a tomato plant .
a man in a green shirt with a box cutter surrounded by vegetable plants .
"a woman wearing glasses is sitting down at a table with glasses , a bottle , and a bird on it ."
a man and two children looking at a camera .
a young woman is walking down the street past a window that is covered in newspaper .
a bronze-skinned woman walks a pedestrian path in a form fitting dress .
two older men sitting on scooters in front of a koffee cafe .
three people sits on the sidewalk of the road .
many people and cars going past a coffee shop on the corner of the street .
a group of pigeons walk on a sidewalk .
three people are trying to open a large door to a closed shop .
a busy day in the city streets .
"an elderly woman is sitting at a restaurant table beneath a sign on the wall reading  "" oh boy mom 's  pancakes! "" "
four people walk down a city sidewalk - three facing the camera one away .
"a young man hard at work , sweeping the floor ."
a woman running past a couple of people sitting down for lunch .
a man in a uniform is crossing a street .
a woman walks past an old bagel shop .
a mother and child walking in the rain in a green area .
older fisherman is rowing a green boat standing up down a calm river .
three sailboats going down waterway of a tropical smooth water area .
construction equipment and workers in a non-us city
there is an older woman with a bright yellow shirt standing on a sidewalk looking into a store .
a man pulls his food stand across the street .
"a woman dances in a colorful dress , engaged in a writhing dance taught to her by her elders ."
two girls wearing dresses are standing on a bricked sidewalk .
a man in a crowd appears in a city scene wearing a mostly black outfit with a graphic picture on his shirt .
a man pulls on a rope in the country .
a woman is walking on the sidewalk with another person following behind her .
a thoughtful woman walks down a metropolitan side street .
a man sits down for a rest on a crowded street .
children woman and man in a park looking around a park
an older man chops wood beside a large tree in a field .
the person in white t-shirt is walking .
"women with fake blood and makeup all over her face , chest and neck ."
a man is happily frying chinese food .
"a street musician in blue , with a cigarette in his mouth and a huge guitar in his hands ."
a street with streetlights and a bus stop .
a group of bushy haired people are walking down a rainy sidewalk .
women in pink dress with white polka dots standing on stone base shoo-shes those in view .
a woman with a crossbody black purse is walking near a stairway with silver railing .
two sunbathing people are sitting on a bench in front of a bride and groom .
a toddler in an orange dress looks at graffiti of an african american baby .
"a toddler with a blue design shirt , and gray short waling with his family ."
a man wearing a gray ball cap walks next to a redheaded woman wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt .
a red metal sculpture is surrounded by a large number of people .
two women by the fence while a child runs towards them .
a beautiful young woman is holding her purse .
a woman in a black shirt creates art on the sidewalk .
a cute little kid with a little green price sticker on his nose .
three men in white shirts are posing for a picture outside of a local store .
a woman wearing jeans shorts poses for the photo .
a man wearing sunglasses is seen on a sunny day next to a sculpture in a park .
a man wearing a white helmet in a crowd .
a woman standing in a room that is white with numbers in a circle around her .
a man stands on the shore of a beach .
a group of jewish people waving flags in order to celebrate their religion .
a naked man wrapped in a net lying on some rocks on the oceanside .
red chinese lanterns and banners in chinese overhang a busy street scene .
we can see blood at the back of this man
people are browsing through items in an open aired market .
some caucasians appear to be preparing foods and drinks .
sunglasses sitting on a table with a family on a pier in the background .
a woman standing in front of a store called la perla .
a group of people congregate outside while a man in a black shirt and glasses walks toward the camera .
a group of random pedestrians looking at something out of the camera 's  range .
a person is running on a wooded street with the sun in the background .
the bearded man in the hat held his camera in both hands waiting for the next shot .
a well dressed elderly woman standing in front of a bus decorated with images of purple flowers .
"someone in a blue jeans and a blue hoodie covering their face , fixing a bike ."
a man in a light pink polo shirt holds a flag splayed out in the air behind him .
people at a carnival taking part in a shooting contest .
a male with makeup on his face and neck that looks like blood and wounds .
an elderly man watches a younger man grill various foods .
a couple are trying to find the place they want to go .
a man sits writing at a table set up on a sidewalk .
three men are standing while another man is next to them holding a newspaper .
smiling brunette with a redhead dress participates in a parade .
a hispanic women in bright colors all dressed up for a parade .
a tattoo artist doing a women 's  tattoo of a rose
a man and a woman stand on a boat while the man takes a photograph .
a guy wearing a white shirt is taking a picture .
a beautiful women in a peach dress walk downs a brick street at night .
a black street dancer performs for a crowd of people .
young boy kicks a red and white soccer ball on a grassy field
a man getting his stomach tattooed by a tattoo artist .
a man and a squinting woman are looking at something on a screen .
a woman in a violet shirt stands facing a young man .
a man in a white shirt and khaki pants checks his cellphone in front of the entrance of a building .
a tattoo artist working on an individuals tattoo .
a tattoo artist making a tattoo on a forearm .
a man wearing jeans gets a new tattoo .
two young boys are playing some instruments by the water .
a blurry photo of a couple on a bench watching other people play .
a woman views a metal dinosaur sculpture through a blue telescope during a cloudy day .
elderly woman trying to block the sun with her hand .
a man and a woman dressed in black are roller-blading .
two young women are walking and having a conversation .
women in colorful dresses dance down the street during a parade .
a frisbee casts a shadow on the dog .
artwork of a young child and his dog overlook a quiet sidewalk and a man sleeping against the side of a building .
two people dressed in super hero costumes stand in city street .
a woman standing next to a photographer is handing a paper to a man wearing a green shirt .
a girl is rollerskating down a street while talking on a cellphone .
a young boy is standing on a sports field holding a piece of sports equipment .
two young ladies walking down the street together .
a female traffic officer directing traffic in a busy city intersection .
gentleman standing on a sidewalk looking at a building .
this has to be one of the best restaurant 's  on the east side !
boy in a red shirt holding a camera .
a man is walking on the street as he begins to pass the glass window of a business .
"a rod crew , of five , repairing a road ."
here is a picture of a woman smiling at the camera and is smoking cigarettes at a candlelight dinner .
a man playing a guitar while a woman in a checks the oven .
"two women stand by a large series of signs which say  "" le cafe marley ""  in a hallway with a very high and ornate ceiling ."
three women walking down a sidewalk near a bistro .
two men play a game of chess in the park while two others eagerly await their chance
people are walking down a walkway surrounded by buildings .
young male looks on as another male sitting on a fence wraps his legs around a female in a zebra styled tank top and skirt .
girl in short black dress blowing a gigantic bubble for a crowd outdoors .
a woman and child sitting on the sidewalk by a tree while a guy fools around in the background .
a man in black squatting with people walking across the streets .
a man wearing a white shirt is talking to a woman wearing a green blouse on the street
a man holding a lighted candle with his head leaning on a statue .
a woman in a tan top and jeans is sitting on a bench wearing headphones .
a man and woman walking down the street with shopping bag .
a group of people sit on a wall above a large bas-relief sculpture and reflecting pond .
two beautiful girls are showing their splendid bodies .
a man in a hat is standing at a corner in front of a row of bikes .
women are enjoying beverages at a restaurant outside .
a woman is posing atop a scooter while a photographer prepares her camera .
a young woman takes pictures while a crowd lounges on a green lawn .
a woman with blond-hair and black pants is practicing her karate moves in a scenic park .
a man stands in front of a well lit fruit stand .
a person wearing sunglasses and a bright orange shirt walks down a wet sidewalk .
a man and children setting up a stand to sell jewelery .
an old building with a long hallway and glass roof .
two police officers on skates are standing near another man .
a man in a hat and a boy in a hat sit outside the louvre .
two men taking pictures with their cameras outdoors .
people enjoying the cool water from the fountain in a hot day .
two men sitting on the edge of a pool of water .
"a man dressed in all white clothing stands in front of a gray wall , his arms crossed ."
young women and men dressed in costumes sitting and standing .
a mountain hiker is digging steaks into the thck snow .
people are sitting on a bus .
a man sweeps the road in front of a wall with graffiti and two flats set against it .
"ho king produce store offering snow peas , broccoli , and napa ."
an elderly asian man waits for someone to give him service at a food counter .
"a man is showcasing various types of seafood on a stick , including starfish ."
two men are examining a bicycle tire while a woman in the background leans on a wall next to a pot of geraniums .
a man sitting on a bench next to his bike .
a group of people standing near a boat on a body of water .
a woman in a dress is talking on the phone .
a lady sits on the end of a pier high above the water .
two women are talking to a man in a cap .
"three adults standing in front of a sign that says  "" vote ""  and an american flag ."
luggage carts all lined up and ready to be moved .
"a woman is standing in a booth , wearing and orange vest , proffering a credit card and smiling ."
a woman is walking dogs on a road located in the city .
a woman lays on a floating platform in the middle of a body of water .
"two young adults outside , with many trees in the background ."
two large cocks are seen outside the el pub restaurant.com restaurant .
two men walking their canoe through the woods .
a man in a canoe sits on a placid lake surrounded by lush green foliage .
a man and woman showing a small child how to use a gun .
a man playing a unique violin while looking up at the ceiling .
a violist playing next to an advertising sign
a man in a white shirt and long hair playing an electric violin .
a violinist playing music in the new york subway .
a person is carrying their white canoe down a rocky trail while a black dog in a red collar watches .
the man wearing all black is asleep on his red motorcycle .
a young child with a hat on playing with a bubble machine .
a priest with a bushy beard eating fast food .
a man wearing a blue and black plaid overshirt sells organic fruit to a man in a gray polo shirt .
a guy playing an accordion with a hat on .
jimi hendrix is wearing a blue outfit while playing his guitar .
there are two brown dogs playing in field .
"the crowd watches the horse , staring at the cowboy as he leaves the arena , wondering what will happen next ."
a woman walking down a suburban street .
a man teaches young children about fixing bicycles in a park .
musicians are performing outdoors for money .
the streets of a chinatown look alike are lit with bright colors .
a few groups of people are walking down stairs .
there are several people either sitting on benches or walking through what appears to be a brick road with trees coming up from various circular openings in the road .
several asian pedestrians walk around a silver taxi van .
a little girl in a red print sundress walked through an outdoor artist display .
"a football team is seen making plays , blocking , catching and running ."
a man looks at a map while a woman in sunglasses looks up .
a man in a white shirt is reading a map .
an african-american man in a green shirt and tan jacket .
a man in a purple shirt and blue jeans playing the harmonica by a red bus .
"a group of men , women and one child are walking in a group ."
a woman is hugging a man .
a lady in all white sits on a mat with a ball in her hand .
an asian marketplace is open for business at night .
one woman watches while another woman helps herself to a plate of food .
two men and a woman in a band playing a song .
a young girl and baby boy are swimming underwater in a pool .
a dog in a car .
a group of people pass by a subway station .
a blond-haired mother is holding her newborn baby .
a small baby is given a bath in a plastic tub by an adult wearing rubber gloves .
the women is washing the newborn baby .
a topless woman cradles her newborn baby swaddled against her chest in the hospital .
a crowd of people walk through a busy street .
"older woman in a light purple shirt , sitting in a chair , holding a baby ."
a man and two young boys are sitting on a rock .
a little boy and a little girl playing in a fountain .
a busy women in black and white color dress is crossing the road .
a mom and daughter walk up the steps as a woman wearing a headscarf wits near a trashcan .
"a french bike cab with no passengers , sitting by a crosswalk ."
a young girl is laughing and chasing pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby .
a tourist takes a photo of something high .
a woman is holding a very large cellphone up to her ear .
"a man and a woman , both wearing sunglasses , look up into the sky ."
a man with a shopping bag and a woman are looking at a camera .
a woman clutching a black plastic bag holds a digital camera overhead .
young man sitting on fencing in front of beautiful flowers garden holding two young ladies on his knees .
a lady walks up the steps from a subway .
an overhead view of a crowd of people walking along the side of a river .
a well lit advertising stand showcasing various movie posters .
two different groups of people converse in front of the shakespeare and company store .
a man is driving a white van sprayed painted with graffiti .
a man with a prosthetic leg sleeps in front of the steps of a warehouse .
a person is laying in a hospital bed .
a lady either getting ready to go to or just got out of surgery and birth .
a middle-aged woman is holding a baby .
a newborn is swaddled in a striped blanket while someone touches it with both their hands .
man holding crying baby in chair near window .
a doctor and her patient smile brightly as an infant nurses at the patient 's  breast .
a man in a black shirt holds a baby .
two men sitting down outside and looking at a magazine picture of a woman in a bikini .
an older gentlemen with dark pants and a white shirt walks through a park .
"a city street with a few passersby , featuring a cinder-block wall with graffiti on it ."
onlookers are mesmerized by a man juggling flaming rods while riding a unicycle .
a man stands outside of a beautiful building wearing a neon green construction jacket .
a conductor gives a kid a tour of the train .
a man is on a casual bike ride during the day into town .
a woman with sunglasses on sits under a red umbrella
a girl wearing a purple dress and a girl wearing a red dress run around outside smiling .
several groups of people walk in a pretty park .
phone booths occupied by a few people .
two blonds are passing out fliers and balloons on a busy walkway .
a man on a bmx bike performs a trick on a jump .
a taxi in a downtown intersection .
"a police officer in madrid , spain stops to speak with an elderly woman ."
a motorcyclist rides past an asian supermarket .
a woman with a parasol is riding her pink bicycle down the street .
a family of three people are watching men in costumes pass by .
two people in blue shirts take a photo of themselves as a woman in a scarf pass them by .
a couple walks along a sidewalk .
a man with long wavy hair plays to violin .
"two men on a street , one holding a red flag ."
"a group of young people stand in front of and touch a black , rusting metal structure ."
a man in a helmet is hanging onto the side of a transit vehicle .
a bald man is looking out at a crowd of people .
a group of people gathered around a booth selling tap beer .
a group of people are walking in front of a large stone building .
man gathers paper near a structure made of wood covered with paper and graffiti .
"a person in a purple dress , black hat , and pink scarf runs on a road ."
a man in shorts and a orange shirt sits on the tailgate of a truck examining a phone .
a man is sitting on a train listening to music .
two young girls walk down a walkway with an umbrella .
a person with black gloves and a white hat is standing and adjusting their scarf .
a young man walks casually down the street in front of some trees .
two woman with long hair and ponytails jog along the roadside .
a bunch of seniors gathered in one area .
a person in a cowboy hat rides a tan horse .
"two people , sitting on a park bench , taking a nap ."
a girl with blond-hair is connected to ribbons of many colors and is enjoying some sort of celebration .
a man with a black backpack kneels over a stack of posters .
a large crowd of people waits around in front of a large speaker set up .
a line of trucks going down a very crowded street .
people wearing patterned t-shirts celebrating some festivals with colorful eye wear
a bearded man balances a silver ball on one hand .
a little kid in black playing in a fountain .
"a young man wearing a backpack is carrying a white , cardboard box ."
three people of asian descent standing in a semi circle talking while one girl texts .
people walking on a crowded street .
a woman in a dress and cowboy boots is walking next to another woman in a black t-shirt .
woman in a long skirt and a man walk down the street .
a group of men perform on the sidewalk with their guitars' .
two young girls pose for a picture beside the water .
"two shirtless little boys , one leaning on the other , standing on a large rock in front of some trees ."
the boardwalk is very brightly lit by restaurant signs at night .
one toddler takes away the mouth piece of the other which makes him cry .
a woman is wearing a peacock costume .
"on a sunny day , a man sits on rocks smoking beside a body of water ."
a man in a blue jacket rides a bicycle on the sidewalk .
"a group of students are outside , waiting , in front of a yellow school bus ."
a woman looking at her phone and holding her pomeranian .
two women waiting on the sidewalk in front of a large advertisement banner .
four people standing outside of a convenience store .
a red-haired woman sits on a bench in a striped skirt and brown shoes .
a man enjoys a sandwich from subway .
a man walking away from an escalator while a woman is coming up the escalator .
"a boy is standing in a boat , holding up a fish to the camera and smiling ."
a country band on stage playing music in yellow and red light .
six people at some sort of a conference .
"a man with a white shirt , brown shoes , and blue socks is reading near other people and piles of books ."
asian man in white tank top eating by a large asian political tapestry .
the little girl looked in awe at the sight .
street view of the orient hotel .
a man on a red bicycle that is dragging a wagon behind it .
people are walking in times square in new york city .
"two dogs run through the water near a beach , with land on the horizon ."
people going for a walk in a diverse city .
a line of people in red shirts are displaying numbered placards .
a man and a woman are running in a marathon .
a person is riding a bike along a street in a desolate city setting .
a group of three runners goes by in a race .
the benches are in a long row with the silver round tables aligned neatly .
a man sitting on a step .
a crowd in a daily routine in an asian suburb .
lady looking at a window display of a big gog licking its lips .
a young boy dressed in dirty clothes lays on a woven mat in shallow dirty water filled with garbage .
a child rides the back of a wooden pull cart .
smiling woman in a blue apron standing in front of a pile of bags and boxes .
a man uses a dropper to conduct an experiment .
"two young boys , one holding an unicef bag , the other an unicef bucket ."
two young boys fetching water with a unicef pail .
two white-skinned and one dark-skinned man are sitting side by side in jeans and black shirts .
two women stand near a group of bicycles .
a middle-aged man with dark hair who is cooking and wearing a red apron .
a little girl in a red jacket is hugging a little boy .
a shirtless man in blue jeans runs down a dock towards the camera .
"a woman walking on the sidewalk , in the city ."
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans is talking on the phone near the street .
a baby wrapped in blankets is tucked into a metal wagon .
"a shot of a building and sidewalk , people are visible in the distance"
"this is thursday night at the local club , just wait till friday night ."
a man is sitting in a classic automobile while smiling and holding a plastic cup .
"a man on street , standing over some artwork , while several people pass by ."
"two young , blond brothers have their arms spread , one behind the other amidst a field of grass ."
a worker dressed in a clean suit polishes a large mirror .
a person with a blue shirt and pants sitting on a bench outside .
a teenage girl in a pink tank top with two thumbs up .
two belly dancers dancing next to a brick wall .
women crossing the street in front of a black car .
two people jogging together near the waterside .
a woman is eating a sucker outside of a building .
a child in a red shirt is running around in water .
a dog is jumping across an obstacle .
a spotted dog playing on a baseball field with another dog .
six people in an american business club meeting .
a man in a white button up shirt and red tie talks to people in a restaurant .
a man in a blue shirt uses a spatula to stir food cooking on a grill .
a man and woman are pictured from behind sitting close together on a couch while they play nintendo ds
a man is playing chess with a young boy .
"people from infants to the elderly seem excited as one woman in a yellow shirt jumps off the ground in front of a sign saying  "" bienvenue welcome ""  ."
people walk around at a carnival where large stuffed animals are on display .
two vendors with red and white umbrellas are outside in the middle of a lot of people .
many people on the street corner with brown buildings .
"two women , one holding a plaque , one wearing a name badge , in a diner ."
a group of people of various ages at a conference talking .
four women are browsing a photo album .
an older man opening a present .
two young boys wearing red life jackets sit next to one another on the deck of a boat .
a man and a lady both wearing white shirts are looking off into the distance .
a man wearing all white and sunglasses hugs a woman from behind .
a man is on a bike in front of eddies sweet shop .
four girls are playing soccer while an adult looks over them .
a man and girl sit on a bench while eating ice cream cones .
a man in an orange shirt and bathing suit rolls in a plastic ball through water .
a man fishing sitting under an umbrella .
"an african child with a wooden stool on his head , and another african child behind him"
several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle .
a young man sitting in the dark wearing a white shirt with his hand turning his face up wearing earphones .
a man and woman looking at vegetables .
three little kids having fun with water from a fire hydrant on the sidewalk .
an asian women competing in the winter olympics .
a girl is climbing a rock wall .
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .
people walking down a busy street in a foreign country possibly .
two girls lounge in camp chairs around a campfire .
"a middle-aged man in a white hate , navy sweater , and khaki pants is putting a golf ball ."
two people in striped shirts sitting at a table .
pedestrians are yielding to a firetruck as it enters the intersection .
"street musicians playing a accordion , violin and a guitar ."
a woman in a white shirt is shown from behind in a cemetery .
a man with crutches passes behind a white truck .
a woman passes by with her child and her belongings in baskets on her back .
asian man butchering a hog hanging from a hook .
a chinese artist and scribe sets up his sign for display .
"a man walking with a shopping cart wearing a t-shirt that reads  "" long live the dead ""  ."
a brown-haired man with a scruffy beard and a green shirt using a camera
a skateboarder doing a trick off a quarter pipe .
a man washing the corner of a jacket in a public fountain .
a person is walking by the bridge .
lots of people sitting along a low wall in front of grass with buildings lining along the road .
two men wearing hats walk by an old wall .
a man in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a pack of marlboro reds and other small objects .
a little girl is squinting and looking into a lens .
on rainy streets a motorcycle with two helmeted people stops for a white car .
a group of people walking down a city street .
a woman in a blue dress is taking a picture of a statue .
a minneapolis police officer stands in front of a lingerie advertisement .
young man in green shirt play xylophone for crowd in public area .
a young lady is sitting in a floral setting with a sports drink in hand .
a troop in mustard colored uniform marching behind a troop leader holding a sword .
a busy outdoor kiosk to sell items .
a man in green with a beard and white hat is walking next to a large orange wall .
a line of people for a carnival ride .
many people are standing on large stones that lay across a river .
people swim in the water near a long dock .
a band is playing a show on the edge of the water at night with a vibrant dancing crowd .
a woman in a university of nottingham sweater playing with a child .
"an amorous couple with water in front of them , an old building with ornate pillars in the background ."
a little girl in a red pull over holding a toy in both hands smiling .
a group of people sitting outside of a house with a painting of a cowboy in a red shirt on the side .
a girl in a pink shirt is climbing onto a wooden chair .
a young boy stands next to a large pile of dirt .
children are playing on a playground .
"a man on a cellphone walking past four signs that all say  "" never sleep again "" "
a man walks on the beach while carrying his shoes .
two adults help pass out cake to children in a classroom .
two young boys standing on a dirt hillside in the daylight .
young boy in blue and young woman in turquoise stick their tongues out for the camera .
a mural of a man and women on the side of a building .
some children are coming out to play in a courtyard .
a child playing on a swing set with construction workers in the background .
"a child is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girl , with two other children looking on ."
a boy sits alone at the bottom of a stone stairway .
a closeup of a very excited young boy .
a man in a blue shirt walking down a mountain road with goats in his way .
"a young man smiles and points at something off-camera , while standing in front of a display ."
workers cleaning up and rebuilding at a construction site .
two girls are picking yellow flowers on a bright sunny day .
two dogs are playing on the grass .
two white dogs are looking out into the street and are sitting next to a white bicycle .
a group of people dancing at a restaurant .
a group of asian men and an asian woman are relaxing in a butcher shop .
a man uncovering a truck full of flower pots .
a man sitting near piles of produce peeling a vegetable .
a woman is writing something down while waiting at a mass transit stop .
a man in a green shirt and gray pants walking on a street and passing by a store .
a woman in a red dress walks down the street .
group of people having a great fun on the streets of their city with balloons and flags .
workers in green shirts are waiting on several customers .
a young man is riding a horse through a group of people while he talks on his cellphone .
a man in a wheelchair sits in front of a mural of a scared woman .
a woman in a green apron is carving meat from an animal carcass .
a woman sits with her baskets of flowers .
man sitting on a stool in front of a stall that sells football scarves .
man with cigarette in nun outfit .
a man in a nun outfit has a cigarette in his mouth .
a young child in a wagon on a sunny day .
we will take this photo together and put it in face book .
people talking at a flea market .
older man with a striped shirt is waiting for someone to buy his flowers .
two shirtless men walking on a crowded beach .
people walking around on a busy sidewalk at night .
a big group of bicyclist are riding around on a large bridge .
"dozens of cyclists ride their bikes on a suspension bridge , with no cars visible ."
"there is a group of young men huddled in a circle , seemingly singing ."
a man in a blue jacket with white pants stands outside of a red brick building near another man holding two yellow bags .
people are crossing the signal .
a small asian boy is walking down the street in tradition asian clothing looking back at a lady dressed in high heels and a beige skirt .
a man stands in front of a vegetable display .
"asian street scene with two women in foreground , red building with lion poster in the background ."
four teens jump with balls on a basketball court .
"a man with a purple shirt , blue sneakers , and a black backpack riding a bicycle ."
a dark-haired woman walking while holding her baby .
a brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom .
a green car parked near a crowded space .
two men in a village in india are playing stick ball .
some people walk on the street near a very large mural .
a group of musicians playing some music in front of a building .
a man holding fresh fruits in front of a market .
groups of tourists walk across bridge while looking at views of old buildings .
a smiling woman with a black smear across her face holds an umbrella .
a clown in a white shirt and tie playing a violin .
two women in a crowd are smiling together .
a man wearing a beret and tinted glasses stands in front of a microphone .
pedestrians walking on the sidewalk in an urban setting .
"young girl with short , dark hair wearing a pink shirt climbing stairs in front of bicycles ."
girl sticks tongue out while hula hooping with two hoops
a black male athlete making a jump during a competition .
a couple is camping in the woods .
a woman in blue wearing glasses holds up a blue and white striped shirt to a boy wearing yellow who also has glasses .
a dog is carrying a yellow rope across rocks covered in seaweed .
a man in a suit is sitting outdoors and is using his laptop computer .
five people standing on grass .
a woman with red shoes is standing in the middle of the street .
a man fishing in water with great waves .
a woman it talking on the phone behind a rack with the big blue plastic bottles .
a man is taking a photo in the photograph 's  direction .
a man is seated near another man that is standing on the sidewalk .
a crowd is sitting on a porch outside .
a man on stage shows his cue card to his friend .
a man with red shirt and black hat stares at another man .
the three men are playing with a frisbee .
a boy and girl are kissing by a lake .
a man sitting on a chair with his legs crossed looking off to the right .
a man on a lift inspects the facade of a building .
a man and in a black vest dancing with a woman with black hair .
a birds-eye view of people standing around holding their drinks .
a woman and a man and a child standing in a street with umbrellas
two people wearing red hoodies ride their bikes down the street .
a couple embraces against a graffited pillar while a man take a photo .
two men are shopping in a busy asian marketplace .
a man in a blue shirt walks between rocks in shallow water near a scenic tropical beach .
a young man wearing jeans balances on a train track .
a person putting their hair up in a busy area of a city with several telephone booths in the background .
a man sitting at a white plastic table in the shadows .
guys and girls in a cramped place with drinks in hand .
two children stand with a net by a shallow shore .
a woman with sunglasses is working a control board .
several people standing around at a party .
a group of people are talking to each other in a bar .
a man is sitting in a chair in the street playing his guitar .
two men with fishing rods are standing on a shore
a football player in green tackles a football player in white .
a man in a blue jacket and white hat poses with an old fashioned camera .
a man rides a bicycle past an orange wall outside .
a group of people riding a walking belt at the airport .
people are standing on the sidewalk of a street .
a woman get some food from under a blue tent .
a group a young dancers perform together in front of radio city .
a group of dancers are performing with matching outfits .
a man is skateboarding past a graffiti covered wall .
a woman is standing and looking out over the water while someone takes her picture
2 wet boys in blue swimming suits
an old man is sleeping in a chair outside an abandoned building .
a black woman sitting with an asian girl wearing fake tattoos .
a man is sitting in a chair and playing the guitar .
a woman tweaking something on a bike hanging from a fence .
"a man wearing a red hat , red jacket , and red sunglasses is listening to his music player ."
santa is in the line of dancers for the parade .
a guy wearing a blue #5 jersey is hitting a yellow softball in a grassy field to some fielders .
a brown cat is sitting on top of an old car .
man and women sitting on the steps in the evening with many pillars around them .
a white cat sits on a wall .
a man wearing a black jacket and hat is walking and holding a cigarette .
a woman with her child is waiting on a bench .
a young woman is sitting on a red bus looking out the window .
dozens of people are walking on a huge plaza in front of a massive staircase .
a young man taking pictures as other civilians walk past him .
a man is using a camera in a stadium .
a man in a black jacket standing next to a road that overlooks a body of water .
people dressed in green uniforms are picking up some metal .
two men are sitting down at a table with drinks looking out at another man walking with a bag .
people walking and a woman carrying bags .
"a woman wearing a blue shirt , jeans and red converse sneakers takes a photograph ."
view of the historic area of a european city .
a woman dressed in blue and wearing a tan hat is smiling .
an asian woman standing in a crowded urban area listening to music .
a man riding a bike tries to cross a busy street .
young boy in black shirt sits on mothers shoulders
a woman (carol thorn) in a red dress playing an electric cello on a stage .
people sitting on a set of bleachers .
three men sit on a step next to each other .
"an outdoor vendor with a table full of hats , dolls and jewelry ."
two monks in orange robes speak outside of a house where a man in normal clothes is walking out .
the woman is playing with a baby .
a man wearing a white shirt and khaki pants passes in front of a snack stand .
a group of elderly men sitting on a bench indoors .
a woman wearing a red dress is playing a string instrument .
some people standing in amongst a large group of pinwheels .
several people congregate at an umbrella topped table just outside of a shop named dahlak .
a person has two small children sitting in front of him on a motorcycle .
a man is holding up the white shirt he is wearing exposing is abdomen while sitting on a red motorbike .
"an asian woman holds her baby , who is wearing a flowered jacket ."
"a military marching band of soldiers in formal uniform with red coats and fuzzy black hats march by , led by the saxophonist ."
a man frowns with his camera .
a woman with short hair is playing the violin .
a bald man wearing glasses and a black shirt holing an instrument .
a couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing one another .
the man in the blue shirt is riding his bike down the street .
a man dressed in chef 's  clothing holding a large spoon over a huge cooking pot on the stove .
a very busy street-side with many people interacting together near a chinese restaurant .
several motorcyclists are riding down the road on a sunny day .
a couple of tourist in a chinese market looking at their camera .
a young model poses for her photo shoot under a dock .
a girl is walking by a window with a purse .
a family is standing on a brick street talking to an artist holding a large sketch pad .
people are walking through an alley in turkey .
a small crowd of people gathered together watching activity occurring in front of them .
a woman in a blue jacket is walking along a road .
a person dressed in black with a red backpack walking towards an outdoor market .
a colorful rickshaw with two patrons on the beach stopping at a coke kiosk .
three males peering through a fence that is covered in rocks .
a man appears to be playing some sort of instrument .
a boy wearing red swim trunks is swinging from a rope into the water .
street vendor in europe sells to several elderly people .
three men dressed in blue play guitar while a woman sings .
a band plays a gig to a crowd .
"a band plays on stage with two people facing each other and singing , one person playing the drums , one on keyboard and one person on guitar ."
a jazz cover band plays under hot strobe lights .
a person walks down a hallway of stone archways .
a bride on her wedding day wearing her orange belt .
women in a white shirt with a scarf walking while texting on her phone .
a blond-haired woman in an off-white coat is shooing birds off a table .
an african american boy is standing in a caged area with his hand up to his face .
a girl stands nearby while a boy sits in an open doorway .
a group of people are completing a move with their heads slightly lowered and their arms bent and up .
three people walk in front of a very reflective building .
two women are wearing sunglasses and eating food .
a crowd of people gathers in a grassy area .
women security officers standing in a group with sunglasses on .
man in black shirt riding public transportation .
a view down a city street from a park center .
scottish men in formal attire play the bagpipes .
"people are lined up facing each other with bottles of amber liquid , boxes and labels ."
"a dark-skinned man in front of a vibrant red , black and white background ."
two people kiss on a very ornate balcony next to huge columns .
an elderly man with a cane is out shopping .
a man in a white shirt is accepting payment for food from two women .
four older gentleman are outside sitting in chairs .
a large group of people are walking outside passing by a mcdonalds .
multiple people walking outside in the rain .
a man is standing in front of a white wall with a business advertisement on it .
a crowd of people sitting on a lawn clapping .
"there are pink artificial tulips in a eatery , with three people in the background ."
a worker in the liquor store .
a man in a green shirt trims the grass in a riding mower .
four people are depicted inside a cathedral-like building .
"a woman with short brown hair , in jeans and a leopard top is taking a picture ."
a man with no shirt sitting on a moped .
a woman wearing a blue t-shirt that says nike and carrying a vegetable .
a woman in a striped shirt is being shown a necklace .
two women in shorts sitting on the steps of an apartment or house .
people are moving out of their home .
the orange haired dog shook its head while standing on the beach .
middle-aged man with long blond-hair and wearing glasses sits with a crowd .
a young couple talking to an older woman on a busy platform .
a child standing in front of a giant mechanical elephant .
a woman is helping a girl draw a symbol in the stones .
2 woman walking down the street next to graffiti
two motorcyclist ride down a street .
a couple of kids sitting on a bench playing with a red helmet .
a man sits outside his hotdog booth next to a construction site while reading a book .
a group of people lay in the park .
a man and a woman stop to take a picture in an outdoor setting .
a man in a blue jacket is talking into a microphone .
a man in a black t-shirt and black shorts vacuums in a bedroom .
a girl in the park is taking a picture .
a little boy raking the leaves with a rake .
"a little asian girl is standing on the street , holding a red bag ."
the couples are dancing in the streets .
a man is standing next to a large black lion statue .
a woman in black pants crosses a busy sidewalk in front of a gentlemen 's  club .
spectators are taking pictures of a bicycle race .
the man leads his black and white dog across a blue obstacle .
a man orders a hotdog from a street vendor .
a young blond girl holds a beach ball in the middle of a grass field .
three young girls walk down a sidewalk .
a group of boys walk through a plaza .
a man is sitting on a chain .
"a woman standing against a building looking at her phone , with her leg propped up ."
a young man checks his phone while leaning on a newspaper bin .
a young man with no shirt on is standing near a car with surfboards on it .
a woman wearing a print robe is reading a book .
a man walks down a street where the houses are painted in a geometric pattern .
cars and motorcyclists drive down a street lined with aged buildings .
"a city street with fruit carts and a bus , and lots of people ."
a man in all white sits outside with a feline friend .
a woman in blue top and tan paints painting a child hugging tree .
two workers are working with a tool and attaching an item to stone .
people stand in the street outside of some tall cream colored buildings .
a busker performs on guitar among a crowded street .
seven girls are standing in a line to play at the park
two women dressed in white are standing on the sidewalk under an umbrella .
man in khaki pants bent over in front of a wall covered in graffiti .
a shirtless blond man spray paints graffiti on a wall .
a woman in a white shirt and jean shorts standing with a beverage in her left hand .
a man in the street is playing drums on old cans .
a woman dress in all pink and gold staring at something .
people gathered outside of a church on the stairs .
a man with a briefcase walking in a area were art was painted on walls .
a young man is listening to headphones on the side of the street .
a woman standing at a crosswalk which has only the hand and the middle finger lit up .
a woman stands in a pool with three young boys .
a lady is swimming with two young boys both wearing green water wings .
two men in hats digging up rocks and dirt .
three girls with long brown hair are sitting next to each other near a tree .
a young woman is walking through seated spectators .
a woman wearing a black pencil skirt and white button-up shirt with flip-flops walks across the street .
two people are sitting on the side of the road in front of a carnival .
two asian men with hard hats on a red scooter pass by two people kneeling down on the road with two baskets at their sides .
"a boy gives the  "" thumbs up ""  while waterskiing on murky water ."
a young man is taking pictures of two friends next to the ocean .
a man with a long beard is looking at the water .
a man is breakdancing on a large mat while some people watch .
a group of young people waiting to cross a street .
a man in a black shirt and white shorts breakdances in front of onlookers .
a biker riding alone in a remote area jumping over objects .
a young girl in glasses observes something in the distance .
a person in pink water goggles is blowing bubbles underwater .
a woman in a dress wearing sunglasses and a man wearing a blue shirt standing outside with a large crowd .
"a woman is wearing blue shorts , a yellow blouse , and sunglasses ."
two girls standing on the side of the road .
this bike jump appears to put the skyline adjacent to the rider .
a man in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water .
three brown puppies running in the grass .
two people are picking up their belongings in front of a subway .
a bearded man is taking photographs with a camera and long lens .
one man wearing glasses sits in front of an apple computer and drinks from a cup while another man wearing a cap and glasses stands in front of a microphone .
men are sitting on bags on the ground .
a man is cutting his hair in an open place .
three guys hanging out outside of a fruit stand .
a baby hanging in a baby jumper on a deck by a sea port .
children head down the street next to vehicle traffic .
three men are bathing in a canal without their shirts .
some kids playing video games .
a lady in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is about to go surfing on a blue board in the ocean .
a soldier is talking in front of several people .
people are on a roller coaster in front of a body of water .
man and woman viewing a lottery ticket in china .
a young shirtless boy in front of a pool while a woman in religious wear stands behind him .
lady playing a game of hopscotch .
a woman with a yellow hat and multicolored dress examines a book on a patio .
a person and a child riding a lawn mower down the road .
"man in yellow shirt looking into his blue laundry bag , next to a washer ."
a man operating some heavy machinery .
the man in the gray shirt is blocking the second person in the black shirt from view while looking into the washer .
two older women are walking in shallow water .
an older blond woman with sunglasses leaning on a bridge railing on a sunny day .
a homeless man sits and stares
heavyset women in a blue and white dress walks down a city block .
three friends hanging out around a photo booth .
two men are laughing in front of a light .
a girl sits against a building near a fire hydrant .
a man in black is sitting at a table taking a photo of an older woman on a patio .
two women pole dance in the middle of the street .
a man tries to take a picture of a woman and himself kissing while they are standing surrounded by flowers .
a gentleman sitting alone at a table .
a person wearing gray converse shoes took a picture of the water barely touching their shoes .
a group of men dressed in strange clothing talk about their day .
a woman and man at a desk with stacks of cash or currency around them .
sparks fly as a man welds steel .
2 men and a woman who is wearing red are holding a surfboard standing in the sand .
some children play in the grass outside near a tree .
two women looking at donkeys on a beach .
a group of people stands along the beach .
two men playing with their black and white dogs on the beach .
two old men sit on opposite ends of a park bench .
a woman with a green purse sits at a bar with an empty glass in front of her .
a bartender prepares many blended drinks .
"woman in a black bathing suit , lounging on a bed , atop of a building , with a tall white umbrella within her view ."
two women laugh at a joke on a stop sign .
a boy in a red shirt with a red heart shaved into his bleached hair talks on a cellphone .
a man with a red shirt and jeans walking through a downtown area .
an asian photographer checks his camera in front of a fashion store with pedestrians walking around him .
a person surfing on the crest of a wave .
a man with a large white beard is pushing a cart full of trash bags and cardboard down a sidewalk .
a man playing drums on upside down jugs .
an old person watches tv while squatting in front of a store display case .
a man in a blue t-shirt and a face-mask works with hooks .
two people are swimming in a large pool surrounding by beach chairs .
two repair men in hard hats work on a construction site .
most of them are wearing mask to protect them from pollution .
a girl is running on the grass .
two children are riding on the back of a three wheel scooter driven by a young lady in pink .
a building has a bee painted on the roof .
blond children sleep on an adults lap as they ride on a bus .
"a woman in a dress , holding a stuffed animal , purse and umbrella , standing in the rain ."
a woman is giving the camera a dirty look as she walks down the sidewalk .
two individuals with large ear plugs are sitting next to each other .
"a black woman with a scarf on her head stands on a sidewalk , smiling ."
a young lady is walking in the street .
two men are riding on a motorcycle down a road .
a woman eats popcorn from her popcorn stand .
a woman outside on the city streets wearing a black shirt talking on the phone .
a large number of elderly people are sitting on benches outdoors .
"people in business attire , walk down an alleyway ."
a spherical shaped sea aquarium building .
one man sitting in an exuma with 3 other men standing around a construction site .
a blond woman wearing a tank top and different colored gloves .
several young people play a board game using a large blanket in a grassy field .
two people are walking and looking at stuffed animals .
a group of people looking at books in a library .
a woman is reading with a child .
a bunch of women in a library with kids .
people walking on a paved walkway near a sea port .
an older gentleman sits on a bench and smokes a cigar with his legs crossed .
a busy outdoor park in europe .
a woman in a blue skirt pushing a stroller along a tree lined street .
a volleyball player striking a volleyball .
man in a white shirt and dark pants leaning against a wall with two shop windows that have bright lights .
a man in a green hat and striped shirt walking .
a female motorcyclist with helmet in hand is standing by her bike .
a woman with a green bag is taking a picture .
a guy in a black shirt and tan pants leaning a little out of a large window looking at something .
a young couple kissing by a bike rake .
"a man painting in front of a storefront , his paintings are displayed ."
a man is talking on his cellphone in front of a fountain .
a girl is in the air face up performing some sort of calisthenics or perhaps diving into a pool .
a gymnast wearing a black and orange suit in midair .
a lady with black hair and a burgundy and black suit is performing a dive .
a man washing windows on a red brick building .
a young woman wearing a glittery black costume glides across the ice .
people are looking up at an airplane flying by
a man in a white shirt talks to a group of seven children .
an older man with wild hair is checking out motorbikes .
a woman in a red coat is sitting in the grass with rabbits .
about six older women sit at a bench and talk .
an african man in a colorful hat is playing congo drums .
a man wearing a yellow hard hat is pulling on a rope .
a group of men in tuxedos are talking to people sitting on the sidewalk .
a young female swimmer is receiving a consolatory hug from a coach .
a beautiful street photo where people are walking by an old building .
a woman and old ladies sitting on a bench
a dad and a son enjoying a bike ride in a nice sunny day .
attractive woman in black with her cellphone .
a guy in a black swimsuit getting out of the pool at a hotel .
man standing on soccer ball with knees while two women watch .
little girl wearing a yellow shirt jumping over a orange cone .
a young girl jumping over orange cones .
an older man in an orange ceremonial jacket holds a bunch of flowers .
a man in a blue shirt is carrying a bag over his right shoulder .
a young person with decorative face paint similar to a tiger 's  markings is snarling .
several runners compete in a road race .
a small girl is doing a handstand while smiling
women riding bikes on a city street .
a woman with a white purse walks across a gray platform in front of a tall building .
a man is wearing clown makeup .
a man with brown pants is selling food from a mobile vending grill .
a man is holding some paperwork regarding bank bail outs .
a child wearing a red shirt is rolling a bowling ball down a lane .
a woman with a designer handbag is admiring the view .
a man rides his bike past the chung may food market .
a store is open at nighttime .
a man in heavy makeup and a bloody shirt is holding a water bottle .
people are biking in a public walkways .
"bikers participate in a two way street ride , with lanes separated by yellow cones ."
two cars being washed in a parking lot .
a boy with jean shorts and bright blue sneakers is riding a skateboard next to a tall fence .
young woman dressed in black looks over articles from a street vendor .
a teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by .
people in an eatery laughing and talking .
on a sunny day this tattooed man removed is clothing at a detail shop .
a busy city with cars and people with a giant skyscraper .
group of american camel riders on a dirt road smiling and having fun .
a blond woman holding something out in her hand while another woman and man walk past her .
a man reading a book on the sidewalk with just his blue pajamas and headphones while sitting on a chair .
a biker with a baby in a small compartment with bikers in the background .
"a child in a denim jacket with  "" love kills slowly ""  written on the back of it ."
people are walking in the street while other people sit and have lunch .
a soccer player is laying down injured being assisted by the referee and another player .
two men are carrying nets near a pier .
two women are playing in the water on a beach near the shoreline .
a green semi covered bridge exists in front of a house .
a little girl in a yellow t-shirt is tumbling towards the end of a yellow slide .
"three people , all wearing dark clothing , stand talking at a street corner ."
the dinosaur exhibt is next to a tree that has a balloon stuck in its branches .
a guy in a blue shirt is pulling something .
"a building with a large sign which reads ,  "" pain is temporary , quitting lasts forever ""  ."
a large crowd standing in front of a busy building .
a child in a green jacket and blue hat sits on a bench eating ice cream out of a cup .
this is a professional diver .
a woman in a red and blue shirt is staring at a poster on the wall .
"two men are enjoying themselves in a skate park , one riding a bike while the other rides his skateboard ."
a woman in a green shirt talks on a cellphone while walking past a man in a blue shirt who is sitting and reading a newspaper .
three people dressed up playing music on a sidewalk .
three younger men dancing in front of a semi-circled crowd .
a couple of students lay next to one another in a concrete park .
a man in gray and black is playing a black acoustic guitar with a slightly shorter woman who is wearing pink and playing a violin .
a male performing breakdancing outside in front of a crowd .
a woman with tattoos who is wearing a black tank top looks at the ground .
man in a field takes a photograph looking downhill .
a woman riding a blue bike is carrying a white chair on her neck .
a man tickles a young child in front of a sunny window .
a geisha stands outside of a store peering to her side .
people riding on a motorcycle on a waterfront street .
man in long-sleeved t-shirt sitting at a kitchen table eating from a paper plate .
an asian man in glasses and a blue dress shirt is giving a presentation using a projector .
a man and a woman walk past a storefront .
a man and woman are laying towels down at the beach .
"the street lamp is the focal point , but there is a person bent down directly behind the lamp ."
a little girl runs down a path in a japanese garden .
a man with a backpack reads a book near a woman relaxing on a concrete slab .
an older gentlemen cleans the bar while a man behind observes .
a woman performer on a stage with a microphone .
a train station platform at 11:27 in the morning .
a man with flowers looking out his second story window .
woman sitting atop a row of blocks .
a schizophrenic man paints a caricature of two men despite there being only one woman .
a woman focuses her digital camera at major event .
a woman holds a black umbrella and a white shopping bag in the rain .
people with umbrellas walking past shops in the rain .
a couple stops on a bride to look at a pond .
an older man performs repairs on a young man 's  bicycle .
"a woman and a man sit on a stone bench , with tall buildings behind them ."
a person huddles under a blanket while sitting on a bench .
two mowers cutting down palm tree branches in a nearby community college during a windy day
people sitting down in a busy metropolis .
a man in an airport waves at the camera .
raining outside and three black umbrellas and one yellow and pink umbrella .
a woman is sitting next to a flower stand in front of a mcdonald 's  restaurant .
an individual pushing rain off the tops of the canopy .
a group of people at a flower stand look as a large amount of waterfalls from above the tent .
two people wearing backpacks walking along side a building .
a person in a green and white shirt is riding a dirt bike near a group of trees .
a little boy running through the grass with a flag .
a black child sitting on a toy giraffe biting his fingers .
a woman in the hospital is holding her baby
a man in a blue helmet is walking beside smoke and a red truck .
a yellow can in new york city .
a man in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier tape .
a woman in an orange shirt is enjoying food in a public setting .
the dog with all the comforts of home and yet still has no home .
people riding the escalator rather than taking the stairs .
several glass and ceramic items are arranged on shelves with a mirror backing .
a woman reads her book at a local city park .
a woman in brown is holding her child in front of an asian-inspired building .
people looking at expensive equipment and smiling
a man in a black baseball cap is sitting on a bench .
the man is wearing orange in front of dust and debris .
a skateboarder performs an aerial trick amongst dingy-looking walls with power lines crisscrossing the background .
some asian teenagers withdraw money from an atm .
two men and one woman wearing suits walking down a street .
two men and one women are standing in front of a stove cooking .
"a man looked very small , as he walked along the ancient building ."
various people hanging around outside of a building .
a man in a cream blazer and fedora plays the saxophone .
a person in a red shirt and black pants hunched over .
female in a military uniform with her hair tied back .
construction work on a road in the downtown area .
two women wearing boots and holding bags are talking to each other .
an indian woman in traditional garb walks by with an umbrella .
this path leads up to the apple market entrance .
a man sitting on some steps on a sidewalk of shops .
a man with a backpack staring to the camera on a yellow abstract background
people riding an old looking trolley .
two women reading a poster on the berlin wall
a black car passes a walgreens .
three men are deciding to eat a chicken from a local store .
three women dressed in white are walking together .
a woman on a scooter with a cigarette hanging out of her mouth .
the little girl plays along the shoreline as the seagull passes by .
a woman in red sitting waiting to have her fortune told at a fortune tellers .
a person in a yellow shirt cycles past a historic looking building .
two men shave at an outdoor sink as a woman looks on .
young black males playing basketball in a gym setting .
a man walks down a brick sidewalk pushing a box .
"a busy , recreational trail near a waterway accommodates walkers and cyclists ."
a little boy in a brown and orange shirt is sitting by a street .
a man and woman are looking at many balls on the ground .
a woman is walking on a sidewalk across the street from a discount food and clothing store .
two women are pulling suitcases along a wide sidewalk .
men throwing tomatoes from a large trash ben .
woman talks on her phone while picking up burritos .
someone wearing black shirt and shorts and another wearing gray top and jeans skirts are walking their dogs .
a green animaniacs mug next to a man writing on a desk .
"a young woman wearing a black and red striped shirt stands in front of a microphone , across stage from a guitar player ."
a man and woman are sitting on a bench facing a poster of a woman .
a child who is missing one shoe is sitting on a red cushion .
this young asian man rests for a short while outside of an office building .
a man wearing a blue shirt is on the sidewalk giving another man a shoeshine .
people are throwing tomatoes at each other .
a woman has a green and white jacket lifted up over the top of her head .
a girl kneeling before the edge of a cliff
a naked man sitting in the park near his bike reading the paper .
a woman covers her head while outside in the bright sunlight .
"two little guys sitting on a brick wall , the younger one is reading something to the older one ."
identical looking factory workers are paying attention .
a blond girl in a pink sweater is holding a baby .
a man in brown shoes sits against a gray wall .
two large dogs are playing together in a yard with a tall fence .
a man is blowing water out of a pipe .
an outdoor event with a guy securing a tarp to a shelter .
a parade of some sort is taking place .
a crowd of men dressed as japanese samurai are striking various poses .
people walk down a street during a rainy day .
a man dressed in a white superhero costume with a gold star is jumping in the air in a public square .
a glassblower is crafting a beautiful piece of art in his fire .
a young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy plane in the air .
"green cloth material in front of a street , with people walking by in the background ."
a man in a green shirt is carrying a basket above his head while talking to a group of people .
a bike messenger walking in the park .
"a man is checking his cellphone , while two other men are buying beer at a store ."
the parade of the olympians is crowding the stadium .
"a shirtless black man holds two caucasian blonds , while one girl holds his head in her hands ."
paddlers are getting in a water fight .
a nice road and walkway by a river leading up to a bridge .
a woman walking down the street in the rain .
a young girl is outdoors looks at gowns .
the man is walking through a field carrying hay .
a group of people in clown makeup perform on the street .
a crippled women playing a sport .
an asian man stands on a brick sidewalk in front of a red scooter .
two people in makeup handing out papers on the street .
a group of people with their faces painted are standing outside .
two women reading while sitting on the bench .
two men in plaid shirts riding horses and they are lassoing a calf .
people are playing a sport and wearing green shirts .
a white man is sitting on a brown horse as he swings a lasso around above his head .
two boys wearing green shirts playing ping-pong in a tournament .
"a older man , a middle-aged man , and young man are each sitting on a horse and looking in various directions , in a corral near a large tree ."
the two men are riding horses to chase a white horse .
a middle-aged man in a superman shirt and knee socks walks down a sidewalk past a brick building .
a young girl is blowing the seeds off a dandelion .
a woman riding a brown and white horse trying to rope a calf .
a man in a cowboy hat rides a brown horse .
man directing a herd of cows down a path while riding a horse .
a cowboy wearing a brown shirt that says us army holding a horses lead .
two men ride horses and talk while other men are also riding horses around them .
a little boy playing on a playground .
three women and one man sit in a room with two instruments .
a man playing on road and a ball is running .
"a man on horseback , inside a corral , is chasing a steer ."
"a couple are waiting near their bags , as some walkers pass ."
a woman in a pink tank top rides a horse in a rodeo .
two horsemen are chasing a cow around the lot .
a woman in a bikini top that has a tattoo on her back is looking to her left .
a woman is ridding on a horse is beat a cow .
a person riding a horse trying to rope a calf that is running from them .
two guys one guy i ridding a white horse .
"two women walking down a city sidewalk , one is wearing black shirt with red pants other wearing blue sweatshirt with jeans ."
a woman ropes a calf in a rodeo .
man in a orange and white stripe shirt sitting on a boat talking on a phone .
"a very calm , peaceful lake with a mountain in the background and a man fishing ."
a man in a yellow shirt standing at a long table looking at different kinds of flower arrangements on the table .
a group is looking at things for sale .
a lot of shirtless and messy men are playing a game .
a dark-haired woman wearing a red skirt and white top uses a pay phone .
three children play on the grass under a multicolored umbrella and wearing rainbow colored outfits .
a couple walking down a street .
a bride talking to men at her wedding .
a small dog wearing a denim miniskirt .
a young girl holding a small child who 's  wearing blue overalls .
a man rides hid rickshaw down a deserted street .
a girl n an orange dress rides a bicycle on an otherwise empty street .
a group of motorcyclists riding down the street .
an elderly asian man is sitting on stone steps in what looks to be a downtown business environment .
a man in a black sweatshirt walks three small dogs .
a man in a black shirt looks at the camera; various textiles can be seen hanging in the background .
a woman on a scooter is stopped at a city intersection .
a man without a shirt on walking behind a maroon ford truck .
"a man with lei 's  around his neck , holding a microphone ."
a man in a blue shirt is walking over a bridge .
cars are parking at a convenience store .
lots of people sitting at a table with green umbrellas on it .
man with no shirt walking behind a truck .
"an elderly woman pushing a cart filled with boxes walks by theater sign for  "" south pacific ""  ."
a woman in a black shirt with a yellow headband sits with a coffee .
three people including a long-haired girl with her arm outstretched and her hand palm up .
a person standing outside an old building with headphones on .
a man in a black hat is holding a cellular phone in front of his face .
a child plays in a wiggles car while a man watches .
an older man is looking at a woman in a yellow shirt while they sit on benches in front of a stone and plaster wall .
a man in a blue shirt is on a phone .
a woman with sunglasses is walking past a brick building in the city checking her cellphone .
a woman in a black shirt looks at her camera .
a man in a black leather jacket turning his back to a trashcan .
men in white suits stand in the road and along the side of the road .
"two people , one in a red shirt , are sitting by the water facing some boats ."
a man and woman are standing with two red bicycles .
"an older man with his hard hat in hand , standing and staring out at something ."
a man on a bike is riding through a small crowd .
"a man , with a dog , holding a leash and a small bag ."
"this photo is in another country , like japan ?"
a man playing an instrument underneath some stairs and a red car in the background .
the couple relax on the steps studying the guidebook .
a man and a couple of woman preparing a yellow vehicle with supplies to take to a destination .
a woman is talking to a man .
a man and two women are patronizing a vendor on the street .
people sitting outside in a park on a rock .
two women are talking to each other on a street .
a young woman having some break on a big perimeter wall .
two teenage boys are racing- the one with long hair is winning .
a man wearing a green long-sleeved shirt is running .
young boy in white shirt runs on a track holding a marker .
several people are standing at a bus stop .
"a busy city scene with many different types of vehicles either parked , or moving along on the freeway ."
a child in a green shirt rides a bicycle .
two dogs chasing each other in the grass
a man is wearing a very strange hat .
an action shot of a kid in green performing a skateboard trick off some steps .
a green bike is parked next to a door .
a woman with black hair wearing a sleeveless dress stands next to a car .
a girl sits on a skinny canoe .
the lady with the dark shades on is in a conversation with her friends .
man in a blue shirt and red shorts standing on the sidewalk .
many pink and purple balloons are crowded into an outdoor area as a woman with an umbrella walks by .
"a crowd of people on a street corner , three boys with their shirts tucked up ."
people are in an area where there is lighting illuminating the area .
people walking along on a street at night .
two men and a woman stroll down the city street past storefronts .
"this is a man shoveling snow , next to a car ."
a young couple walking outside by a wall with graffiti on it and a light blue older model car .
a young man with a retro hairstyle waits beside a car .
a gray and brown dog jumps off a dock into a lake
a man takes a photo of a woman wearing an oriental style hat on a small dock .
a boy with a white shirt rolled up is showing his stomach and smiling .
a man in a hat is sitting in a chair .
"a couple takes their own picture in front of the arc de triomphe , from across the street ."
a city at night with people walking around .
"man with a backpack on walking down a street , red information stand in the background ."
a couple walks down a pedestrian street at night .
yellow light bathes several diners sitting outside of a small french restaurant .
a woman in a public market cutting a chicken into small pieces
a man is browsing things for sale on the street .
a group of people congregate at a mall .
a woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water .
a group of people are standing on steps in front of a building .
a crowd of people wait at the top of the stairs outside a building .
a woman in a batman shirt walks down the boardwalk .
a crowd of people with the focus on a woman with long blond-hair and a black shirt .
several people buying food at an asian food market .
motorcyclist racing on a track with a yellow dirt bike and a kawasaki-branded green advertisement sign .
a man with a large mustache and purple hat .
a female is walking up a ste of steps with water to her left .
a girl is holding a camera and making a hand gesture .
two people can be seen in the distance in an alley between two large buildings .
lady in white shirt with a green bag posing for the camera
an elderly woman dressed in pink is walking and clutching a magazine .
a girl with a white dress is posing for the camera .
"an older couple pose with a motor scooter , while wearing renaissance festival clothing ."
the man ponders his situation during a stroll through the yard .
a number of people cross in front of the top of an escalator .
"a snowboarder in the air , with a colorfully-decorated board ."
"a man without a shirt , sitting on a chair on a riverbank , talking on a cellphone ."
a boys choir group is responding to gunshots fired during a ceremony .
an asian man in short shorts and knee pads jogs down the street .
a motorcycle rider is making a sharp turn .
a man in a hat with a camera and a lady holding a sign .
a man wearing a prison jumpsuit is having his picture taken
older man in a white shirt and a black tie wearing a black beret and walking down the street .
two women are sharing an umbrella walking down the sidewalk .
two boys on skateboards in front of a statue of a soldier on a horse .
a snowboarder makes a jump in a competition .
a biker with long blond-hair eating an ice cream cone .
a woman in a blue talks with a fruit salesman on the street .
a group of snowboarders fly over the crest of a hill .
"two women , one wearing pink and one wearing orange doing kitchen chores ."
a young couple holds hands as they walk along a city street .
a man and woman are enjoying the view of the city .
young woman with scrabble shoes and white rimmed sunglasses talks and smiles on cellphone while opening package .
a man in a white shirt smokes while giving instruction .
a young boy eating a small cake is in a shopping cart filled with groceries .
a man in a black shirt is under a fire ball .
the girl with the pink workout gear is doing a flip .
people using crosswalk on big city street .
a little girl kicks a ball in front of a soccer net .
the woman is looking closely at shoes she likes .
a young man and lady are walking on a sidewalk next to a white building .
a man sitting alone on a picnic table in front of a yellow truck eating lunch .
"a family , daughter in the middle , walks down the street ."
a man and his son walk by an adult video store .
an older man with gray hair is standing outside of a store .
a child in a red shirt is sitting on his father 's  shoulders .
a young blond woman walks through a street with a black purse .
one young girl is holding a baseball bat over her shoulder
a chubby man rides away down the street on a bike .
men and women in a military parade .
a group of people in orange costumes stand around large packages .
a boy sits on the grass near a geometric sculpture .
a person on a cellphone stands at a window in a high ceiling room with black white an red tile .
people are on a ledge outside of a building .
"a teenager develops his skateboarding technique in front of a beautiful , ornate building ."
two people kiss in the street of a well-lit city .
a woman is sitting down on the sidewalk is receiving a wristband given to her by another woman .
this lady is wearing a pink shirt and tuning her guitar
a large group of cyclists ride down a city street .
seven firefighters are looking up at a building .
a policeman is roping off an area with police tape while onlookers watch .
a group of people standing on a sidewalk .
a man with glasses reads through a menu on the lake-side patio of a restaurant .
man with a weapon lying against a wall .
a monk in a cream tunic standing in a marketplace .
a old man with a cane standing outside .
"six people sitting by the window in a restaurant , getting ready to order ."
a male figure standing and peering across a body of water .
"a man is wearing a plaid hat , a watch , jeans , numerous accessories , and a shirt with a white circle and the number four in the middle ."
a group of people look off of an observation deck .
two men speaking while looking over the railings over a river .
a man takes a break from his hiking trip .
a man is walking on a sidewalk in front of a building .
a young blond lady is having a cigarette while she walks .
a man and a woman are wearing helmets while kissing in the street .
an old couple is walking down the street holding hands .
a girl in a pink jacket is going headfirst down a red slide .
a man wearing jeans and sandals drawing in a wall .
a man wearing a white t-shirt and blue overalls is walking down the street .
an older man walking past a buildings covered in graffiti .
a beautiful city shot with a fountain and a lady sitting on some steps .
a man is sitting aboard a vessel and reading a newspaper .
there is a guy barbecuing and he is wearing glasses and a red hat .
this is a young boy on a beach holding a stick .
a young girl is driving a pink toy cadillac car .
many people are watching a man in yellow make animal balloons .
a family of three relaxing in the middle of the day .
man on the sidewalk sitting on a motorcycle .
a chinese man is pushing a wheelchair with nobody in it on a busy chinese street .
a girl with hot pink toenails and bathing suit is laying on a hot pink towel .
a woman in a blue bikini top is walking .
a girl watches sports players by a wall covered in graffiti .
three men sitting on the curb in front of a convenience store .
two men sitting on step outside .
a bride and husband are seen outside of building after they are married .
a couple in business attire sit on a corner cafe with al fresco dining .
a family sits in a conservatory with lawn chairs and has a picnic .
old man standing with white t-shirt and hat .
a man grabs for support as he walks on a scaffold .
vendors serve food on the street .
a woman in a white hat and a red and white striped shirt sitting on a wall .
an asian woman in a white shirt sitting in a blue chair .
a person painting a mural on the side of a building while people are standing around watching .
a crowd waits to interact with some people in an indoor location .
a poverty stricken housing area with a lady in black with white headdress in the distance .
two men standing outside next to a building .
three policemen are standing around someone in a gray sweatshirt with stripes .
a man with a hat leaning against a post reading a newspaper .
a man sitting and a woman laying in his lap kissing each other .
four people in skydiving gear in a plane high above earth .
two females are wearing bikini tops and very short shorts while walking down the street .
it is dark out and two women are standing around .
"a group of people walk , in a relaxed line , across a brick paved courtyard ."
girl with turtleneck sweater and guy with large bushy hairdo wait to cross road .
"a young man in a striped hoodie looks at an artistic levi 's  advertisement that says  "" we are all workers. "" "
an asian girl standing outside a building .
a woman is sitting in the corner eating a sandwich .
people in traditional military fare and two people riding elephants somewhere in southeast asia .
two men stride side by side on the sidewalk along a red painted wall .
school children dressed in yellow .
"a woman in black , seen from behind , sits next to a body of water ."
a blond woman sitting with her legs crossed with her eyes closed .
a man wearing black pants and a hat sleeps on a bench in front of a histories building .
a group of men standing atop a submarine
a group of people who are dressed nicely are relaxing together on green grass .
"little boy with a green and red outfit and sandals , squatting down on a sidewalk ."
"two men wearing red pants and holding onto a vertical ladder , appear to be doing acrobats outside a building ."
a young lady is sitting close to homes with solar panels .
a blond girl with a blue coat is putting her helmet on to ride her bike .
"a mural with an eye and hands says  "" stop the violence , we heart a safe n.y. "" "
a tanned woman is riding a bicycle while wearing a white bikini .
a tourist boat on a river by a fake old building .
a woman is sitting on a moped inside a shop .
three people are standing on a fire escape .
"two people dressed in athletic clothing walk down the street , while the taller of the two is holding a basketball ."
two young men talking in front of a penn state basketball table .
a man leaning over a car with a beard looking at the camera while working on a car .
a woman with red-hair looking to her left .
a man in a blue sweater and black pants exits a news and grocery store .
a mother pushing a stroller and holding the hand of a toddler .
brown dog with mouth open standing amidst greenery .
a group of people relaxing at some tables .
a man in a baseball cap and sunglasses in standing inside a candy kiosk .
five people are standing under an asian archway .
a group of people gather and take pictures in an inner city common grounds .
2 chinese people wearing traditional clothes
"three men in hard hats , a couple , and a child look down upon something ."
a man sits on the beach next to a pole .
lead singer of a band holds a paper and a microphone stand with this band playing behind .
a woman wearing shorts and high heels is listening to something on her phone .
several people are singing into microphones and drinking .
a free runner is jumping a rail .
"one man , in a blue jacket , is sitting in the rain under a green umbrella ."
a long city street surrounded by large buildings
an overhead view of people walking on the street down below .
a woman hula-hooping in a red shirt .
a man with no shirt on is standing next to a dumpster outside .
a group of children playing with props
a young hockey player playing in the ice rink
a woman examines a sample through the eyepieces on a microscope .
a couple places their arms around each other walking down a long corridor supported by stone pillars .
a child in a knight costume having his picture taken .
two people embracing in front of a building with logo on the building that says monk kok .
there is a wave about to take down a surfer .
a man in a ball cap stands in a crosswalk with a flag in a crowded city .
a woman who is performing on stage with a microphone .
a man walks down the street in front of a white van .
two opposing footballers play on a field .
a person flying a hang glider over a city .
people filming a lady who is reporting .
a man in a canoe throws a fishing net out into the water .
4 people appear to moving various objects from a building
men and women walking down a sidewalk next to a garden .
a young boy stands in a button-down shirt and shorts .
a girl is taking a photograph on a nice lawn while others lounge next to her .
three young men face an older man with a whistle .
an elderly woman in blue and red crosses the street in a crosswalk .
an arrow pointing at a man in a white hat who is walking by .
a woman walks with her bike behind two people carrying umbrellas .
a bald man walking among columns on a sidewalk .
there are people walking down a busy nighttime street with signs lighting the way .
three young kids sitting by a beautiful view .
a group of men and women hanging out on a cliff and recording scenery .
"person in a green hooded sweatshirt , looking at the view ."
"a large group of young children are lined up , while several adults look on ."
a person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall .
a group of small school boys wearing uniforms take a break in front of a large monkey statue next to the ocean .
the people are crossing the street towards a restaurant .
two black and white dogs on the sandy beach fighting over a long stick
two little boys are fixing a little bike .
a jockey rides a brown horse on a sidewalk by a body of water .
a bus stop contains many people with interesting items .
"groups of people are walking down a narrow street , a woman wearing a black shirt is carrying a white umbrella ."
a man in a shirt that reads hippie killer smiles at his girlfriend in a return of the living dead shirt .
a few people are walking in a waterfront area .
this man is stretching his scarf and cheering .
a young man walks through a puddle outside with a blue three wheeler bike is parked in the same puddle .
a man standing near a stick structure .
"these little girls are in chinese geisha outfits and makeup , holding red umbrellas ."
a shirtless little boy playfully shields himself from a fire engine 's  spray with an umbrella .
"a man in athletic clothing , bending down to tie his shoe ."
group of people on deck of beach house
a woman in a red shirt standing in an open courtyard doing an exercise with a man in a white shirt and pants onlooking .
3 people riding motorcycles down the street .
a man wearing a mask with green dreadlocks and blue gloves stands in front of a woman in a brown cardigan .
three cowboys on horses work together to rope a calf .
the big white cow is decorated with a red ball of yarn .
a teenager in a red shirt is riding a bicycle .
a woman with large leopard print earrings takes a video .
a woman poses with a minstrel in a city square .
one kid is chasing another kid who is holding a football .
a woman in a red shirt and hat smokes beneath a religious-themed placard .
two dogs are wrestling over a piece of black material .
many people protest as they walk down the street .
a young boy in green pants is standing alone on a road .
a woman is sitting by the water near two students .
a lady with blue hair sit and plays a guitar in front of a blue wall .
a woman in a striped shirt points to something with her blue umbrella .
a city street in which one women with a brown bag and white clothing passes a show store .
a caricature artist sits under a red and white striped umbrella .
a young blond-haired boy wearing a number on the front of him leans on a railing .
a guy on a motorcycle at a streetlight .
a group of three asians standing in the middle of a big city discussing something .
an excited child running in a race .
"city sidewalk with posters on a wall , several people walking by with city buildings in the background ."
a man in a black shirt bowls an orange bowling ball .
a man tilts forward on one foot at a bowling alley just after releasing the bowling ball from his hand .
a woman in a brown shirt sitting on a bench .
a couple is walking up the stairs to a bridge in a downtown part of a city .
brunette woman sits on a chair on the corner of the street reading .
four people sit outdoors at a white square table as a man in a striped pink shirt stands and talks to them .
a young man wearing glasses looks frustrated in a laundromat .
a girl waits to cross the street while comforting a baby in a stroller .
a woman walks along the sidewalk in front of a mirror
a child and an adult are walking down the sidewalk .
two people sit in front of a computer while wearing sunglasses .
a man rides a wakeboard attached to a parachute .
a young man in a black t-shirt with a green hat standing .
two women in swimsuits by a bench are staring up at a giant white balloon .
four men are walking down the street in their orange attire .
a young man is sky surfing with a board that has painted an orange flame skull
a man is parakiting on a body of water .
a woman wearing a dark top and dark sunglasses is walking in wedge heels and making a face .
a man running a marathon talks to his friend .
a man in a white t-shirt sitting on the hood of a car .
a woman is kneeling on the ground taking a photograph .
old women using a walker to go down the sidewalk .
the older lady in the white skirt is wearing pink shoes .
a crowd of people coming down the stairs from the court house .
a little boy falling asleep in his dad 's  lap on a green lawn .
a blond woman with a 40s hairstyle and leopard print shirt .
a man and woman are crossing the street wearing formal clothing .
protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground .
"crowds of people walking down street , couple in foreground with umbrella ."
a girl in a dress is walking down the street and the street is full of trees .
a parking lot in the city with people walking through it .
on older asian man in a yellow button down is looking at the camera .
"black man juggling a basketball , bowling ball and a tennis racket ."
worker wears a mask to protect his face from spicy chili fumes .
a woman is holding the skirt of her dress up .
"two street people and a dog sitting on the ground and one is holding an  "" out of luck ""  sign ."
people are clustered together on a city street .
an old man sleeps on the grass at the foot of a large tree .
two workers wearing hats are standing in a field .
asian couple with two children are looking at fruits and vegetables at a stand .
a man in dark clothing sits on a bench in front of a truck .
two men dressed in white robes and red capes ride bicycles while carrying staffs topped with skulls .
a few people stand near white pillars in front of a yellow wall .
two men paint modern mural on a wall with a inclining walkway .
a man with tattoos carrying a skateboard gives thumbs up on the sidewalk .
women dressed in red and black dresses walk in a circle in front of a store as a small crowd looks on .
a man in a yellow t-shirt holds a large camcorder .
several indian woman in brightly colored clothing are working .
a group of people are having a conversation outside of a building .
some people are gathered in front of a building with posters strung up on the walls .
a curly-haired man plays guitar at a ceremony while people look on .
a coke truck is driving pass a blue truck parked on the side of the road .
a woman walking with groceries walking past graffiti
a girl dressed in black with a purse on her arm is smiling at a man in a room with lots of desserts on the table .
a man wearing a white shirt and black shorts is walking by some old buildings .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in an orange top sit together on the beach .
a man selects a tomato at a market .
a man is midair performing a trick on his bike against a cloudy blue sky .
a man in blue makes his way through a crowd during a race .
a man wearing red sits up in the air on a platform .
a girl sitting on a rock looking over the lake .
a man is walking down the sidewalk to his destination as he reaches inside his pocket .
a cowboy being thrown off a bucking horse at a rodeo .
smiling kids with silly blue hats on their heads .
a group of women dressed in purple are gathered together near a truck .
the girl wears a purple outfit and swings upside down .
a man pumping gas while on his cellphone .
three dogs play together on the green grass .
three running men participating in a marathon .
a woman in a green shirt is running a race and looking at her watch .
people walking down a pub-laden street surrounded by billboards .
"a man walks along a cobblestone path , next to a large blue wall ."
customers are waiting to get some food .
a man wearing shorts and black shoes performs in front of a crowd .
a group of people look at sand sculptures .
someone laying on a big tanned sofa outside next to a parking meter
a man talks on his cellphone in private .
a female in a flowered shirt holding a brown menu .
california running back is taking a hand off .
a seamstresses works to fit model mannequins in her darkened studio .
woman wearing colorful scarf amidst people cheerfully grins .
"a brown-haired woman wearing a red shirt , a blue backpack and sunglasses on her head ."
"brunette woman in a white shirt , standing in front of a counter ."
an asian man prepares his produce at his stand for the daily market .
a woman with thinning hair is working in a meat processing plant .
a person hitting a ball in a game of cricket .
two girls walking underneath a purple umbrella .
a woman with a large purse resting her foot against a wall .
a man paints a vivid orange and yellow wall .
two male athlete in black shirts are running along a street .
a yong woman in a gray shirt holds a necklace she is wearing .
people dressed in formal attire prepared for an event .
some people participating in a road race .
a black dog and a white dog play with each other and a green ball .
a young child dressed in a white robe .
someone who does n't  care about the earth was here .
an older woman in a dress stands near bushes .
a person sits in a park while playing a small instrument .
a crowd of people walking through a walkway of sorts .
a young man stands outdoors in front of electronic equipment with his arms folded while another man in the background wears headphones .
many people walk along a crowded street .
a lady pushes a stroller while a man carries a child on his shoulders while walking and wearing labor day 2010 blue t-shirts .
a clown handing out american flags and entertaining some children .
"a young blond boy riding a red , white , blue , and yellow bicycle with american flags on it ."
a man and a woman with backpacks are outside .
"people boarding a blue , white , and gold train ."
two dark-haired young women dressed in t-shirts are running in a race .
a black dog is being chase by two brown dogs on the beach .
a woman talking to a person dressed up as the statue of liberty .
a child sits on a motorcycle which as an american flag coming out the back .
a mock statue of liberty is standing in the crowd .
a woman in a red shirt is waving while standing behind another woman with black hair .
an elderly man sits in a chair in an alleyway .
a man doing window shopping for his shoes at a sports shop located in the city of angles
a man next to a horse is sitting in a chair selling artwork .
a seattle firefighter standing in front of his truck .
a fireman gazes out around him in deep thought .
"two firefighters with  "" seattle fire ""  on the back of their gear face their truck ."
"two men run in a race , side by side ."
the outside of a business is shown with a trashcan and four people walking around .
a scuba diver is playing the drums .
a man sitting at a fruit stand talks to a boy wearing a bookbag .
vendors sell fruit in an open-air market under an olive tree .
two firemen getting ready to get onto a firetruck .
a firefighter dressed in gear looking puzzled .
a group of darkly clothed men gather outside and speak enthusiastically .
many people in white shirts are walking down a street .
a lady wearing a red shirt is seated next to others on a sidewalk and holding a camera .
two young men wearing camouflage stand in the grass .
what 's  a trip to the park without visiting the snack bar ?
two girls are raising another girl in the air .
"a woman , wearing a colorful bikini , rests laying down next to the blue water ."
a couple sit outside of an establishment .
an asian woman in a red polo shirt is looking over a counter .
a man walking down a shady street with a shopping bag .
"she shades herself with her little yellow umbrella , as she shows off her fancy long dress ."
"the country music group - sugarland , performing ."
an older person waking outside in the daytime with sunglasses on .
a woman in a white dress with blue jewelry is holding a rooster .
"a man in a white shirt , on a motor scooter waiting for traffic ."
a man is wearing gloves and a safety helmet .
a man sitting in front of a wall of graffiti .
a hard working man speaks his mind into his megaphone .
three people in a small boat next to a wooden dock where two other people are standing .
a girl in bright clothes dancing with a hula hoop .
"a woman wearing a pink , polka dotted backpack holds a toddler ."
four women walking through an art gallery .
a woman with an orange shirt is walking past a 1 hour photo shop .
an older woman stacks plates to place in her cart .
"white man with long gray beard , wears a black top hat and long black suit as he walks down the street ."
at a theme park or basketball court .
a man in the blue shirt is taking a photo with a family he met while on vacation .
a woman and a group of children living in poverty .
a little boy with a striped shirt walking through the grass near some trees .
a boy swings at a pinata during an outdoor family party .
smiling children are sitting on concrete slab displaying a small item in their hands .
a man wearing a gray shirt is holding a hammer .
a woman in black leans over a multicolored bench while looking into a red bucket .
three women are riding in a cart .
a young woman searches through her purse near the entrance .
a girl wearing sunglasses and an orange tank top hula hoops .
a guy walks with fire in his hand and a cgt jacket on as two guys take his picture .
men wearing red safety vests and carrying signs walk down a street where an explosion has occurred .
"a group of women , some wearing hijabs , gather around a woman sitting on a moped ."
an old woman standing near bags of things .
a woman with feathers in her hair and a henna tattoo on her face is looking off-screen .
"a man , woman , child sitting on benches waiting for the bus ."
a woman holding a black bag is holding on to a fence .
a girl smiles outside of a store .
a man wearing a dark blue shirt and red backpack walks by a graffiti-covered wall .
"two men are standing on some wood , both wearing hats ."
a woman with a shopping bag walking toward a street .
lunch outdoors on a sunny day .
a woman wearing jeans and a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette .
"women walking down the street in jeans , black high heel boots , and a beige handbag ."
there are bushels of vegetables for sale at a marketplace and a man is pushing his loaded down bicycle .
a woman and a man are dancing in public
a brunette in a orange shirt playing with a green and white hula hoop .
a man walking with a protest sign .
a parade is taking place and people are dressed with bright colors .
a grinning man with spikes of multicolored hair and large ear-piercing
an asian man studies the interior of a glass building from the street .
a girl is screaming as she comes off the water slide .
a man and woman are kissing on the corner of a street .
a man walks down the sidewalk with a backpack and a package .
a man looks bored while another man looks through two jewelers microscopes while a kid is entertained .
a semi-nude mannequin is posed in the window .
five people wearing scuba diving gear are gathered together in calm waters .
a woman bending over to look in her bag .
"a woman in leggings and tunic , reading a flier on a light post ."
couple shares snack at public monument on sunny day .
a small group of dogs pulls a cart full of children which are covered in flowers .
a boy in a flower carriage pulled by dogs .
a woman and her daughter wait for their ride after getting groceries as two people walk past them .
a woman walks past a fountain with palm trees in the background .
three people sit looking over a drainage ditch next to a crocodile warning sign .
a woman in white pants holding a baby looking at the ocean .
a young woman dressed in green and brown is sitting on the steps with a paper in her lap .
"person parachuting , with the sun and sky in the background ."
a woman standing next to her bike waiting to cross the street .
a man is driving a very small vehicle .
"a man in a beige and white striped shirt , brown shorts and shoes with one hand on his face and one foot up looks ahead ."
people sitting and walking along the street of a city .
two woman are sitting in the back of a truck eating .
a man takes his cat on a walk in town .
three tan men on the side of a mountain take a break from digging .
two people lounge in a large outdoor area .
an elderly woman with a bag walking under an airport sign .
"two people stand in front of a building with graffiti that reads  "" boss life ""  ."
"a woman standing by a bike , in front of a store and tunnel ."
a police officer writes a ticket for poor parking .
a girl seated at a desk in a library lays her head down on a book .
two men playing drums in front of a crowd of people .
many young people ar sitting on a wall and hanging out together .
a woman wearing a white blouse is walking away from a building .
a group of surfers paddle out into the water .
man with red-hair in green pants under an umbrella posing for a picture .
two boys play on a city street; the one with glasses gives a v-sign to the camera .
a woman sits on concrete steps next to a drawing of a heart .
a man in a blue shirt and black pants strolls by an irish pub .
a man sits on a blue scooter in the street .
a woman is applying makeup to herself .
a blond-haired child stands near his bike on an unpaved road .
a man leans over to kiss a woman on a bike near a palm tree .
a dog looks out over green grass and flowers .
a group of mostly younger individuals hanging out in a hotel hot tub .
construction equipment in front of a building with a mural of a man being lifted by black birds .
a lady rides her bike on a wooden deck at the beach .
a man sitting with his small dog .
"four males of varying ages carve out designs on large white slabs in a messy , open to air workshop ."
smoke is coming from a jet in the sky .
two men with ladders are working on a fence .
a young backpacker sits on a bridge overlooking a river .
a group of people photographs something upward at the same time .
workers are wearing their hard hats while on a ledge .
three blonds dressed in black and white walk across a bridge in the daytime .
a gray car waits for the light to turn green at an intersection .
a man wearing a gray helmet next to his moped in a busy area .
two african soldiers entering large stone archway one man giving thumb 's  up .
men in the army holding a guns .
a man wearing a blue blazer is walking outside .
a young boy looks at the camera while wearing a new york hat and a black and white striped shirt .
a boy on a green bike gets a call .
a woman in a gray dress is posing outside the louvre .
a street scene of people on scooters .
a child in a white shirt coming out of a swing in midair .
two females are embracing each other .
a person in a salmon colored shirt takes a picture of something above them .
a woman looking up on a crowded street .
a man wearing a blue sweater and a tan sock hat is smoking a cigarette .
a man on a bike is walking a dog along a boardwalk .
a lady in a blue shirt making a funny face at a little girl biting something in a restaurant .
a couple walk past a cafe where another couple sit outside .
two street vendors sit on the sidewalk and wait for customers .
girl maneuvers a bike through a tent set up outside .
a woman wearing a white tracksuit is stretching her foot above her head .
a clown holds her ears with a balloon in her left hand .
an old man is talking to another man who is wearing a military costume and is near a monkey .
a man riding his bike with newspapers in the basket .
a young boy looking back at the camera while sitting on a red scooter .
a student is rushing to class while wearing headphones .
a lady in a pink coat walking with a small pink umbrella in her hand .
"a professional soccer player trying to cross the ball , while another tries to make the tackle ."
two women are standing around a covered table outside surrounded by beautiful flowers .
a woman in a black beanie looks up at a bearded man .
a man standing in the street enjoying the architecture of a building .
a woman is posing outside with a designer umbrella .
a group of asian women dressed in colorful clothing and holding fans .
spectators observe as london arsenal fc practices soccer on their field .
a little person is holding a yellow flag with a red logo on it .
a man in orange talking on his cellphone .
woman in pink and green tank top listens to a man in green carrying a blue backpack .
several people idle around a plaza in the shade .
an older bearded white man wearing a blue shirt and red jacket looks down at a hotdog he 's  holding .
two old men in polo shirts .
a man in a white shirt and pants holds a rope and looks up .
there is a parade with people dressed in costumes .
a man wearing a green shirt and carrying a shopping bag is reading the newspaper on a city corner while a woman looks on .
people walk across a crosswalk .
an old man in a white tank top is itching his head .
a middle-aged man crouches in a dirty room .
a man with an umbrella is standing on a hillside and its raining .
a child wearing a hat and backpack walking through town .
many male workers are standing outside of a building in green and blue suits .
a woman in a black tank top hula hoops .
a man walks down the street next to a wall with a giant mouth painted on it .
the woman with the scarf is watching the man cook .
two men behind the counter of a sweet shop while two people look at the sweets .
a woman uses a spoon to serve food .
a young couple gaze into each others eyes while riding an escalator in a shopping mart .
a man in a black shirt walking his dog during the sunset .
a man is checking his phone while walking his dog along the pier .
small middle eastern child in sort of wooden underground cave .
a small asian child rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat .
a sports bar where you can watch the games .
an asian couple are sitting on a wooden bench in a wooded area reading and looking around .
a girl and a toddler are looking in different directions on a sidewalk .
a street vendor wearing a chef 's  hat and several people gathered around him and his cart .
two women in coats look at a outdoor jewelry display .
two men are on a beach looking in the distance .
the man in the blue jacket walked past the pay phone .
a woman in a shirt is crossing the street on a cloudy day .
two men walking the beach with guitar in hand .
a man in a light gray t-shirt is driving a bright red coca cola truck .
two men and two young women work on a blue bike .
a photographer stands in the shadows in front of a wall covered with graffiti .
people looking at items at an outdoor sale .
a woman in an orange shirt and white pants attending church .
children resting and walking up many steps .
a white-haired man and a brown hair lady are walking together and holding hands .
a waiter is standing at a table .
two people are standing in front of a table of food .
a man standing with his eyes downcast .
an asian man squatting in the street with is belongings .
a woman enjoying a drink in the sun .
a person is riding a bike in a tunnel .
white dog at the edge of the water .
"a man in a white shirt is eating , standing next to a fence ."
a man bends down on a rock .
"four men , in red hats and orange uniforms , walking near a hedge ."
two men playing instruments on the street to entertain passer byes .
a man waits at subway station platform for subway to arrive .
an elderly man in a suit locks his bike .
a city street with a lone man walking in the middle .
dog staring at something with a toy in his mouth .
a man dressed in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone .
a man at a fruit market grabbing for some fruit .
students having a break after taking engineering examinations in their school main hall
two men in suits and hats walk together .
"pedestrians are gathered at a street corner , in front of the lyppens and schipper storefront ."
a little boy in a yellow t-shirt is being taught to write .
"the very tired black lady was wearing her new red blouse , as she rode home on the bus ."
a group of people gathered around looking at two men lifting a woman on a wooden seesaw .
a young woman appears to being pulled out from a drainage canal by a chair attached to a wooden 4 by 4 .
a person is being lifted out of the water with an old lifter .
a group of three older people and three younger people stand grouped together in a body of water .
two girls in a bed of flowers with their arms stretched out .
a woman is in the air while wake off a wave .
a man is reading a newspaper while waiting for a train .
"three people sit looking out to road , holding a map between them ."
a man with no shirt on is tying a yellow transparent bag closed .
"three white males dressed in casual clothing , one in blue overalls , one in an orange ball cap , and one in a yellow shirt , are walking across a yellow scaffolding ."
"asian woman in crowd , carrying black bag with  "" pain ""  and spiked knuckle graphic ."
two little girls wearing bright dresses are blowing bubbles with bubble wands .
"a man and woman , both wearing black , dancing together"
female painter is painting on a vase with three people watching her .
a man with a brown scarf blowing smoke .
a distorted image of a young boy running
an asian girl eating a hotdog at a diner .
"two people , one in light jeans and a striped shirt , are playing pool ."
a girl cleans the hardwood floor with a swiffer .
soccer players dressed in red and white uniforms walking on a field .
a man who was stuck in the tree .
a large class of graduates wearing robes and mortarboards is waiting for their diplomas .
a man taking a picture from a cubicle with the lens cap on .
"three men wearing shorts stand in the parking lot of a building labeled a  "" factory. "" "
a hand holds an ornate piece of metal .
a young boy in jeans and a blue shirt is wearing a blue helmet .
a young woman rides in a car .
a man sits contemplating something while a man sits over his right shoulder drinking a beer
a young girl is mixing something yellow in a bowl .
a lady with brown hair has a silver ring on her finger .
a girl in a red shirt is sitting with a laptop on her lap .
a little kid is climbing a gate to a wire fence .
a cyclist works on her red upside down bike .
"two women are outside making something with pots , pans , and bowls ."
woman adjusting a child 's  face while another child stands next to her smiling .
"this is a man , who has a rope in is mouth , and a baby cow up in the air"
a group of cats sit in the grass .
a lady in a yard holding a dog while another dog is jumping
players are getting ready for a game of laser tag .
a woman wearing shorts is feeding two llamas or alpacas in a field .
white fluffy dog running in the dirt .
a man with a blue hat and blue uniform who is working on some equipment .
a woman holds up a piece of lace as behind her men in ponchos play music .
"two men are speaking too a woman outside , there are trees around them and a building in the background ."
a young boy wearing #24 uniform is yelling during a football game .
"one man , dressed as a police officer , with a microphone in his hand and his eyes closed ."
dennis hopper looks to be talking to cristy ally .
a man with glasses looking down at something in his hands .
child playing and hiding underneath hay .
someone holds up a snake by its head and tail for the camera .
a working man is standing by the cart looking at something .
young men are attending a religious ceremony in a fancy building .
a woman balances a small child on her hip .
an amish lady is preparing a clydesdale horse to hook up to a carriage .
a man is holding a calf while being licked by another cow .
a man waving at the camera holding a stick with a pile of wood .
two man playing a game and disturbing .
two football teams are playing and one is holding the ball running as the other team is running after him .
in a science museum looking through a telescope .
two opposing football players with one in black tackling the one in white .
a toddler helping mix something with a manual mixer .
two girls and a parent getting a dorm room set up for the school year .
two men working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses .
a young black girl emerges from the bathroom wrapped in a bathrobe and towel .
several teens are smoking and drinking at night .
a young girl with overalls and crazy hair sitting in a green field while eating a red and white object
several people inspecting the merchandise displayed in this tent .
"man with black hat , white shirt and sandals , laying bricks on a construction site ."
a very smiling baby sitting down wearing a striped jacket on a bed .
a lady dressed in red laughing with a lady dressed in green holding plates of food in their hands .
a boy and girl are on a blue trampoline .
people sit around a table with a red tablecloth that has food on it .
a man wearing a tie is talking to two women .
a woman with gray hair is taking a picture while a man stands beside her .
a man is showing a younger girl how to scuba while tackling the waves .
"a woman with glasses , wearing blue jeans is holding an infant while pointing up ."
a woman is kneeling near lanterns while a little boy plays in the sand .
a man holding out a deflated soccer ball to a gray dog .
two girls dressed in white and one dressed in brown .
a man in a suit jacket with a  free word  sign .
man look through a telescope in a city .
a man and child underwater in a swimming pool holding their breath .
a little girl planting her first flower in the sand .
"a young boy wearing white and a shirt reading  "" 85 ""  is in midair , doing a martial arts kick ."
a singer in the spotlight poses in his leather jacket .
a dark-haired woman draped in a gray cloth looks out of a wooden door .
a pilot is driving a small engine airplane .
the child in the striped shirt balanced between the wooden railings .
three workers paint the outside of a house on scaffolding .
this image has a checker-table with four beverage glasses and an ashtray .
colorful bollywood dancers in action on a stage .
"a man , wearing a shirt and a lungi , is carrying bundles of straw on his head across a farmland ."
a man in a blue shirt is standing on the beach and throwing a stone .
a man with a floppy chefs hat is holding a condiment bottle while looking over his shoulder as if talking to the man behind him .
a beautiful array of colors are displayed from a dancer .
a large fountain with several people sitting along the right side .
a man is singing into a microphone .
the little girl in the pool is wearing a red swimsuit .
a whistle with whistle in his mouth carries a tray full of food up stairs .
"a black man in a striped shirt stands eating out of a cup , holding a yellow water bottle ."
dog running through the woods .
"a man , in the american flag swim trunks , swims underneath other at a pool ."
a woman in red stands with other people outside .
a shirtless singer at a concert in front of a cheering crowd with arms up in the air .
a man is looking at his camera
a young girl takes a swing at a scooby doo pinata while other youths and an adult observe .
a woman in a red polka dot dress is singing into a microphone .
a man on a bike and in the background a man performing a trick on a skateboard .
two kids drawing on the wall with crayons .
a group of men and woman having a meeting outside a warehouse .
a yellow dog catches a frisbee in midair .
a man is standing on top of a large pile of hay which is being pulled in a cart by two horses .
a young boy riding in a swing .
"this appears to be a work place or research location , possibly a farm , but a very damp one that has some funky looking green mold creeping up the walls ."
a baby is sitting outside in grass .
a woman with a basket of flowers talks on the phone next to a woman in a wedding dress .
girl with short hair singing .
"a white man with a blue shirt is on stage singing a song , his black guitar player is standing behind him providing the music ."
a woman is chasing two sheep with a broom .
3 cute little girls with something green in their hands .
a young boy in a pile of leaves .
a little boy in a black t-shirt plays with a toy nerf gun .
a blond dog shakes water off next to a lake .
a smiling man with a yellow hard hat is peeking out from a manhole .
a man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him .
a person on a balcony is standing next to some clothes drying on a line .
little girls having a birthday party chaperoned by a man .
an older man dressed all in black reclining on a gray piece of furniture .
a woman with a blue shirt and hoop earrings .
a colorfully dressed man drives his equally as colorful bicycle rickshaw down the street .
a child using a vacuum cleaner on the kitchen floor .
a dancer in a vibrant pink dress swirling around .
this photograph is of various individuals looking through telescopes in a plaza .
a boy runs with a very small football down a paved walkway .
a goalie in yellow is holding onto a soccer ball with a player in blue behind him .
a black dog in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth .
a young girl happily running through a park clutching her purse and toy baby .
three women in black coats talk and laugh in an art gallery .
a group of adults are sitting around a table playing a game of cards .
one lady cutting a cake while the other is holding a plate with other plates stacked up in front of her .
a man wearing a green shirt on the runway fuels up a jetliner .
little girl in a blue and yellow plaid outfit and blue hat is running along the trail .
a man is disposing of liquid located inside the cardboard container .
"a person in a green shirt is sitting on the ground near a fence , with fruit laid out near her ."
"a scuba diver stands , bent over on the shore ."
a woman sitting by pink flowers hanging up laundry on a line .
the black dog is running though the water with a pink ball .
"three children and a man play volleyball , barefoot in sand ."
a brown dog and black dog are foraging in some brush-land .
child with purple shirt and blue jeans is atop a brown horse .
a woman with glasses sitting in a chair and crocheting .
a girl wearing a paper hat opens a present wrapped in pink wrapping paper while others look on .
two people are climbing a portable rock wall
a woman wearing yellow and blue leaping backwards over a bar .
a woman in a grocery store is reading over a note .
an audience watches as a large man is about to crush something with a rubber mallet .
grant prepared to hit his golf ball while his caddy and scorekeeper waited for him .
a man in a fluorescent construction vest is showing off a model of a building at a meeting .
a wild dog runs through the desert .
the girl is sitting at the counter between the bucket of flowers and the cardboard boxes .
a man fishes near some white waves .
3 male bikers staring at the left side of the picture .
a group on bicyclists by their bikes in a parking lot
a group of male bicyclists talk outside a bar with their gear sitting on the ground .
a girl bikes on a path near a bunch of trees and a house .
two bike riders are riding their road bikes through a state park filled with campers and other bikers .
man in gray shirt resting a bike against a tree .
two men and a woman standing at the bottom of a cliff face .
a couple dressed for a formal event posing together .
a man wearing a mustang shirt is getting ready to throw a knife at a competition .
a male and a female are hiking in the woods .
a young girl is wearing a costume and placing her hand on her chin .
cheerleaders throw each other into the air by a football field .
a young girl sits on a blue bench drinking out of a straw .
two men in white suits and glasses with a drink .
a bicyclist in white and black tights is drinking in front of a mini van .
a little girl in a pink sweater is using a telescope at night .
an older woman stands by turntables as another female flips off the camera .
a man in red pants working on his bike with a wrench .
young person stands in spray from a fountain under a cloudy blue sky .
a woman in an orange outfit is bending over backwards .
a woman wearing glasses is sitting at a table soldering an object .
a fisherman with a boat full of fish .
a young man wearing a plaid shirt sings into the microphone and plays his guitar .
men and two children catching fish with a net .
a man in a green shirt and blue jeans seasons meat as it cooks meat on a grill in a backyard .
two handymen re-painting or cleaning a brick wall .
"an artist , wearing flower print shorts and white t-shirt , completes a project with an asian theme ."
a man on a bike just hit a dirt ramp and is midair .
two boys are having fun playing with a toy car .
children in a classroom learning and being creative .
men in white and flame robes walk carrying a huge torch .
"participants , dressed in long white tunics , at burning man event posing for group picture in the evening ."
students are sitting lined up on stair steps while they wait and check their electronic devices .
a group of people are taking part in a ceremony .
some youngsters are playing a card game
a group of teens are picking plants in a garden .
a boy in a plaid shirt is pulling a cart full of plants .
in this photo there are three teenagers playing soccer .
a bicycle racer slides down the hill toward a flag while spectators watch along the tree lined route .
a photographer snaps a midair action shot of a snowboarder .
"this is a classic european style cafe , with a woman standing behind the counter making coffee ."
dressed in his team uniform of yellow and black he plays soccer .
"a football team of young boys wearing yellow and black striped shirts are happy , with one child hugging an adult ."
children taking part in karate class .
the boys are in a karate class today .
six children splashing in an outdoor water park .
a girl wearing blue goggles on her head makes a face while laying on the grass .
singer gets caught up on a high note and fractures a vocal cord .
a man in jean overalls and a red shirt is making giant bubbles for the passersby .
six musicians play their various instruments .
"a barefooted woman , near a body of water , strikes a martial arts move , in the autumn ."
police officers on horses stop by a group of boys .
a woman wearing a tank top is lighting a cigarette while sitting with another woman .
a young boy jumps feet first into an indoor pool .
a little girl dressed in dark colors stands on a rock overlooking a large pond at the park .
a man and a woman in a big red dress dancing .
"a man in a dark outfit is swinging a tennis racket , while three men in the background look on ."
"a few men sitting on sofas , playing a board game ."
a man wearing a blue cap with a white long-sleeve shirt and blue pants is playing golf .
three men are bailing hay .
a vehicle comes over the top of a hill .
a woman is pulling a wagon with two pumpkins in it .
a group of six people are in a meeting conversing with one another .
a man holding two bags of ice enters a house .
a father playing a song on his guitar for his son .
a boy crouching behind some small logs playing paintball .
a man with creepy face paint wearing a bodysuit is free falling .
girl poses on the edge of a porch .
a teenager is sitting behind a cardboard box smiling at the camera .
a young girl licks a plate and has cake all over her face .
the white boat on the water have stopped .
people working on flowers at a flower stand .
four men wearing t-shirts and playing musical instruments perform in a band .
children play badminton on the lawn .
one person is sitting on a large rock while another person is standing nearby
little girl hugging and adorable cat
a man in an orange shirt is using a mac computer .
a man speaking into a microphone with his fingers in a teddy bears nose .
a man wearing a vest and tan khakis shorts standing on top of a car .
a man is sitting at a bank of computers while wearing a headset .
a man with a mustache and a black shirt is playing the saxophone .
a heavily made up brunette woman sings into a microphone .
a woman wearing jeans and a green t-shirt jumps in front of a silver statue outdoors .
two black dogs play together on a lawn
two sets of street performers performing for a group of three on the street corner .
three people are doing handstands by some trees .
"a sitting crowd is watching one man , wearing a red shirt and black pants and suspenders , lift another man , wearing a mask , into the air ."
four children playing on a tent-like structure
workers getting ready to begin an evening shift in a nearby company 's  complex in town
two girls holding cups of water while walking next to a barbed wire fence .
a pee wee league football player wearing a purple jersey navigates the football past opposing players in white jerseys .
people setting up chairs outside in a parking lot .
four people wearing white are on a small boat with others boats and run-down houses behind them .
an adventurous man navigates through the jungle with a long stick .
a collie plays with a white ball in a field of green grass .
four men in dark shirts are on their laptops .
"people are using the far left of three escalators , which are enclosed inside an elongated tunnel ."
a man playing the saxophone on the street maybe wanting money .
a man in a black shirt is holding playing music on a street .
the man in the white hat is sitting by the pictures .
"dark-haired white woman , wearing a white t-shirt and jogging pants rakes leaves"
a little blond girl wearing yellow laughing and running .
"a man with a mohawk , a beard , and a leather jacket is sitting with a girl with a pink mohawk and glasses ."
people are walking down the sidewalk .
"a man with a shoulder length fro on stage and holding a microphone with  "" pop! tech ""  sign in the background ."
elder woman chases after her granddaughter in a restaurant .
a person is sleeping under a table covered in a yellow blanket .
there are lots of guys running together outside .
a young child in a polka dot shirt hangs upside down on a tree swing .
children watch a man doing dance moves .
a high angle view of three male musicians performing in a dark setting with guitars strapped onto them and a xylophone .
four people standing near signs reading them .
numerous people exploring an art installation in a city square .
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .
a woman with a black jacket sitting down while playing a piano .
a man looking through a telescope with his son .
a little boy is wet from playing and screaming from the streaming water while holding a toy puppy .
a group of people in a tribe walking together .
a man is doing a flip in the air off of a sand dune .
arabic woman buys fruit at the market .
a older man cutting a cake for two girls sitting at a table .
two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride .
a little kid uses a mixer on some eggs with someone else 's  help .
a group of people trying to plant a new tree .
a photographer snaps a quick photo of a yellow sports car .
a girl does a somersault in the middle of a grassy field .
"a woman with long hair , glasses and a long-sleeve shirt is sitting at a table , smiling ."
two women and a young man play a game around a table .
a husband and wife are exploring a green forest .
a blond-haired woman with glasses squats next to a mushroom in a heavily vegetated area .
the lady in red is sitting in front of the fountain .
a musician plays a xylophone for a crowd of children .
two women wearing matching headdresses sell their good in a street side marketplace .
two men are using a solar telescope to look at the sun .
a bunch of people are mingling in a fair where there booths with the flags of countries draped over the walls .
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .
"two women sitting at a table , one looking down and the other on a laptop , with a banner that says sweden in spanish behind them ."
two men at a table discussing some paperwork .
two men in a classroom in front of a white screen .
a man is talking and holding a piece of paper .
a person skis down a steep snowy hill .
two men wearing wetsuits riding a wave on surfboards .
a young man in a blue shirt with white shorts volleys a tennis ball .
a dog fetches a tennis ball out of a pool of water .
a black puppy is playing with an orange on a carpeted floor .
a dog jumping over a fence .
a white dog with a muzzle trots on grass in front of trees .
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .
"four men , dressed in white overall suits that prevent infection , are in a room with mechanical equipments and a ladder ."
a group of friends or family all jumps at the same time for a portrait while on vacation .
the dark-haired children smile at the camera while one of them sticks his tongue out .
a boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb .
"woman wearing white , sitting in front of a stone wall , playing a string instrument ."
a man is looking into a telescope .
children are addressing a crowd on red brick .
young black kids dancing with three doing a pyramid .
a group of four girls meets with a group of elderly women .
a man in an orange cap standing on top of a pointy rock .
a brown dog with a harness is chasing after a red ball .
two men pouring dirt in a field .
as a man walks down the street a pigeon swoops behind him .
two men wrestling at a match while onlookers watch intently .
a young man is performing a roller-blade jump in front of a glass building .
a skier jumps over a gap .
a clown in red plaid pants and a pink hat sits in front of a tent .
a black dog carries a bucket in its mouth .
the cyclist is smiling at the wet dog relaxing in front of the house .
a young woman bowls in a uv setting .
a man pushes two kids in a large carriage while a little girl runs beside them .
two children work on a project with woman .
a man wearing glasses and a ragged costume is playing a jaguar electric guitar and singing with the accompaniment of a drummer .
a man in a red coat and black hat plays a trombone .
an asian family of four sitting around a short table .
a little girl with long hair floating in a colorful forrest .
a man who is fishing from a boardwalk is casting his fishing pole over the railing .
a young buy riding his skateboard outside on a handrail .
a girl is standing on one foot with one hand in the air .
a man in an elmo t-shirt is riding his bike through the woods .
a dog on a leash puts his front paws on a bar .
"a group of people , mostly in orange and black , are walking around under sparklers ."
a woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck .
man wearing a green sweatshirt and jeans falls off a ladder as three men watch .
the kids in front of the building are playing with a bubble .
some is waiting at a bus stop station
"people swing on a red , metal amusement park ride in front of some trees ."
a woman in a blue shirt looks in to a store window .
a little girl in a hat and red pants balances on tightropes .
a man holds a guitar on stage during a concert .
a father and three boys are walking into the water on the beach .
a female singer singing in a smoky bar .
an ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl .
a man in a black outfit are tossing up toy balls .
a group of people holding bags are standing in line for a train .
helicopter lands in field with lake in background .
a smiling guy wearing glasses holds up another guy wearing a blue shirt and black pants outside .
a man is on a skateboard on a red ramp .
"an african child has one foot on the pedal of his bicycle , stopping to look to his left ."
there is a couple people putting decorations on a horse and one person comforting it .
"the young boy with nice pants , a belt , and a tie is jumping off the steps"
elementary school child passing basketball in team basketball game .
a woman is laying on a striped couch on a grassy yard in a residential neighborhood .
two people in a lecture hall are holding a plastic sheet .
there is a shop in a foreign country with a man behind the counter .
gentleman in a pink shirt beating drums while a crowd looks on .
a man with a grimaced face forces himself to eat an unusual food with chopsticks .
a man and women tap dance for a crowd .
a small boy in a red jacket stands in the middle of the woods .
a band performing on the corner of the street .
skateboarder doing a kick flip off of a raised platform onto a sidewalk .
a man paddles a canoe accompanied by a dog .
"man with purple hair and a blue shirt fixing a vacuum with another white man , who is older ."
a man wheels his luggage past a window full of blooming flowers .
a lady standing on an exhibition table for a ring tossing game .
a girl in pink and man in black paddle through water .
a couple young men sit on a stoop in a run-down neighborhood; one seems to be metalworking .
a man is performing for a group in front of a white house .
men walking on city street with a yellow bus and two fedex vehicles in the background .
a man and a young girl swimming .
a group of children are looking at a sculpture in a museum .
three men playing long drums on a stage .
a dog has an orange ball in its mouth .
a guy riding motocross in the dirt .
a group of people walk up a ramp on a cloudy day .
african men dancing while wearing a mix of traditional and western clothing .
an older man in a black shirt is sitting by three young children outside .
man with storm trooper headgear on shops for candy .
three african women dancing in native african attire while a group of people watch .
man sleeping on an old couch in an alley .
a man walking toward a white ice cream truck parked on the street at night .
a girl looks at a bug on her finger and looks scared .
a place that looks like a skydiving facility people are putting on helmets .
a man with a fishing pole standing on a beach .
a tattooed woman plays the guitar and sings while her band stands in the back .
two girls in skirts smiling in a park .
two women in pink jumpsuits are posing next to a white vehicle .
asian men and women sitting on blue plastic stools eating .
a three-member band is playing on stage .
a dog running through water .
"this female with tattoos is sticking her pierced tongue out , while holding a can of beer ."
woman putting on makeup while multitasking and talking on the phone .
a child is riding a unicycle along a riverside path next to a woman who is walking a dog .
a black dog plays around near a waterfall .
a man is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket .
"a man wearing a black hat is atop a trotting , white horse ."
running faster than a speeding bullet and about to overtake the white sedan .
a man in a suit rides a brown horse .
a calm street corner with a man sitting on a stool looking at something on a small platform .
guy in a blue shirt flipping burgers and hotdogs on an outdoor grill .
a man wearing glasses using a spatula to lift a hamburger off barbecue grill .
two people that are getting ready to serve food to others .
two men working on some pottery in a room with pottery on all the walls .
several men pull a fishing net up on to the beach .
a man in a military flight suit is talking on a portable phone .
dog sitting on owners lap sitting in front of computer
an asian man attempting to repair a green bicycle outdoors while two other asian men stand by .
family dancing on side of a lake at sunset .
a girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers .
numerous children gather around a table filled with food .
"a girl in a long-sleeved t-shirt with multicolored stripes , and black pants , is eating a topping from a homemade pizza she is preparing ."
a young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon .
a kid with a blue mohawk is playing a violin
the baby is mesmerized and intrigued by his image in the water .
a little boy wearing swim trunks plays in the ocean .
two children are sliding down a water slide on an inflatable raft .
two indians are selling potato chips to pedestrians as street-side vendors .
homeless man begging for money using humorous sign .
an elderly man in coat and boots prepares a freshly caught fish .
a man at a mic playing a piano and keyboard .
a child does a handstand at the edge of a beach .
a group of men on a boat that is tipped wearing helmets .
a young boy in an empty hall with two others in the background .
an older gentleman showing pride as he shows off his gardening harvest .
a man in black holding a bundle of hay .
a man on a ladder making something with dried plants .
"two men , one in a black shirt , the other wearing a jacket , piling up wheat ."
a woman in a trench coat hailing a taxi for a ride .
a brown-haired boy in swim trunks is flipped backwards over a swimming pool .
a young child splashes in a green and yellow wading pool
a man wearing sunglasses and wearing a red vest is standing in front of a red helicopter .
a girl in a pink dress plays with a hula hoop .
"a kayaker in whitewater rapids between two rocks , and a bystander on a rocky shore watching ."
two children water rafting on a lake .
a little girl is sitting in a metal tub filled with water .
a man on a moped is driving through the streets of his town .
a person carrying a microphone has a red covering over his head as he walks in front of a black covered table .
a cirque de solei performer shows off his impressive strength and balance .
a girl is being pulled by a string while sitting on a raft .
two boys are playing with a damaged soccer ball .
a baby boy in a car seat is asleep and crying .
a young girl in glasses and sweatsuit swings a racket .
young people with matching hairstyles pose for the camera under a white umbrella .
a little girl in a yellow shirt holding a big snail .
a young blond female tends to a tiny puppy in the outdoors .
a man wearing an orange shirt climbing rocks .
a man with glasses and a green shirt is being kissed on the cheek by a billy goat .
a lot of people are sitting near the space needle .
a person on ski 's  is clearing a jump in a beautiful mountain covered in snow .
a little girl is outside holding a snowball .
a band is putting on a light show and a performance in front of a crowd .
football players charge toward each other on the green field .
a woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk .
a little boy pushing his tricycle towards balls lying in the grass .
dark-haired art student working on a project while standing up .
three workers are lifting a red sack while another sits on a floating dock .
a man is smiling to take the photograph as he is working .
a young black girl is drawing colorful leaves on paper .
a young man looking at the sky through a personal telescope in the evening .
a man is using his computer while seated at a desk .
"a motocross rider , riding along a dirt track on a sunny day ."
the man is sweeping with a red broom .
"two children , a boy and a girl , in the air above a trampoline ."
a large plane in the process of being assembled .
a lady is painting a lot of boxes .
a large group of people raising their hands at a meeting .
a young boy are girl are playing with toys next to a woman who is lying on the floor .
the little boy is enjoying the company of his parents .
man sweeping debris from road with bundle of twigs .
a skateboarder wearing blue jean and a gray shirt performs a stunt along a graffiti colored wall .
a man waits at a bus stop next to a truck covered in graffiti .
a man flies through the air over a large canyon .
a man floating about on the water looking at something white in his hands .
the kids ride a boat in the water .
a man with an oriental hat on plowing a field in a blue shirt .
two girls in costumes sit on a sidewalk .
"an old woman in a sunlit room winds rough yarn into balls , the finished yarn balls placed in a pile to her right ."
a group of people buying food from a vendor .
the three rock stars are members of a band who are playing at a concert where the colors red and black are prominent .
one football player running towards another player .
a woman dressed in a black jacket resting on a shelf in the beverage department in a store .
a man holds a stick while three dogs watch and jump .
"three women are working in a field , while four children and a lady holding a baby watch ."
a woman in a multicolored shirt makes a hammock .
a man is wearing a sweater and denim jeans is playing the guitar while a female is playing the drums
a nun is taking a picture outside .
a man in a blue shirt walking a bicycle loaded with a large box on the back .
a pilot is cleaning a window of the airplane .
four men are standing near a bread stand outside while one of them takes a bite .
a smiling woman carries two baskets full of produce on a bamboo pole .
a group of musical performers are playing and a crowd of people is around them .
two men making clothing in a third world country .
the merchant prepares his booth with tasty ethnic foods to be sold at the open air market that day .
a boy climbs on a stack of timber despite a sign prohibiting it .
"a person , wearing a hat and a purple sweatshirt , painting a scene of a harbor ."
two children are dressed as pirates .
a person is taking a shower in a dark room .
two children in pirate costumes play fight with their swords .
a pastor and a young girl in the front of the cathedral .
a man is working on an unfinished roof .
several people holding mops standing around two yellow mop buckets .
a plush cartoon mascot posing with a young girl .
a young skier enjoys the slopes with the chair-lift in the background .
a snowboarder making a big jump doing a trick on a high mountain .
there is three china men who are on a break from fishing .
the two girls are enjoying sledding in the snow .
a brown dog and a black dog on a dirt path .
people are walking trough a city street at night .
two asian men working on the side of a street with parked cars .
young couple gets married in a park surrounded by trees .
"an asian man is riding his bike down the street , where flowers and other vehicles are ."
a girl playing is a pile of colorful balls .
a boy in a blue shirt looks at a woman wearing a multicolored dress while another child looks in the opposite direction .
a man is wearing a suit and driving a carriage .
the dog is sleeping on top of the bed covered by the blue sheet .
"a boat named  "" eloin ""  floats on the water ."
a blond-headed female child playing with toys on a purple surface .
two girls are practicing yoga in a park .
a young boy in a blue shirt observing a fragile ball hanging from a rope .
an old man and a young woman dance together while spectators look on .
boy on skateboard riding in front of tall concrete statue with bronze statue on top .
a man sits with fishing poles near a body of water .
"seven people , mostly in white shirts , dance in a room with one red wall ."
a man holds a sign offering to trade a poem for a football ticket .
a dark-haired gentleman with a mustache and wearing a sweater is simultaneously pressing buttons on an old-fashioned computer monitor and the keyboard .
a baby chews on a toy dump truck .
a man who is playing electric guitar in front of a backdrop with planes .
a woman in a yellow blouse shaving the head of another .
a man depressingly glancing down as he sees a majority of his hair drop to the floor at the barbers .
four people wearing snowshoes jumping on a snowy mountain with trees in the background .
a basketball player is taking a foul shot as his teammates and the opposing team watch .
a man with a large power drill standing next to his daughter with a vacuum cleaner hose .
lead singer for a band is holding a microphone .
a man wears a black helmet and is on a black skateboard .
a grizzly looking man with a big beard is playing the keyboard with a female band mate playing a guitar .
"an old guitar player without a shirt on is pointing , sweating ."
a man in a blue shirt and a man helps the cyclist while the man in the gray jacket watches .
man trying to pick up reluctant girl on street .
a girl wearing a swimsuit top wears a sign to give free hugs .
the large dancer is slinging her hair around .
a boy in swimming trunks is splashing in a swimming pool .
two men and a woman singing and playing instruments on a stage .
a boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand .
men dressed in work gear assess a drainage area .
a blond girl poses for a picture at kerry park in seattle .
three men near the water with yellow vests and hard helmets .
"a guy with an orange , gray and bluejacket pulling a cart down a sidewalk in front of a mural on a building ."
a man in a striped top is writing on a blackboard .
an older man jogging on a treadmill made by life fitness .
this could be a job mart or possibly a voting station .
a black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach .
"a woman in a blue snow outfit is skiing , while dragging a tree behind her ."
a woman on skis going up a hill carrying a pine tree .
the truck driver pauses for a photo opportunity .
a toddler girl in pink pajamas playing with a toy house as her grandmother watches over her .
a woman in a printed outfit is carrying a tray on her head .
a person in dirty clothes is cutting stone and writing something in urdu
a number of people on a pier are silhouetted against the sunset .
people are exploring a city with their maps and cameras out .
three street hockey players playing a game .
a man holding a suitcase walks alone towards an escalator in a dimly-lit area .
a dog leaps over the bar .
people holding umbrellas over their heads walk up a staircase next to an escalator .
a woman is singing and playing guitar .
two people sitting on a bench with their dog next to a body of water .
two children laying on the ground smile at each other .
a boy with a red hat noticeably shocked by the spinning of a playground toy .
a man taking frames on the road .
"a young african man holding a pen in each hand , studying a book while sitting near an open window ."
the women in the flowered pants is doing gardening .
"a man bent over in a forest wearing a red shirt and blue jeans , tapping the trees for maple syrup ."
many people are flying colorful kites on the beach .
the woman in the blue coat is talking on the cellphone while hanging up the gas pump .
jermaine from flight of the concords teaching math in a foreign country .
a painter sits on a swing to help him paint the walls of a building .
a rolling pin flattening yellowed dough .
a skinny guy is eating a sandwich while using the computer .
woman sweeping the street wearing a red jacket .
a bunch of young people drinking at a bar .
members of the salvation army are standing together as one holds an instrument .
"two hands paint a picture using only color , circular lids and fingertips ."
two young boys are wrestling in a sandpit .
a man in a vest and tie is playing the guitar on a sidewalk .
a casually dressed man is playing the guitar .
"the group is working with microscopes and wearing clean white scrubs , hairnets and face masks ."
three people sitting on a couch inside a house dressed warmly and the oldest is covering the two younger kids eyes .
a man with a tan hat and jacket is fishing in green waters .
girl on pink skateboard wearing black jacket
a cello player and a violinist getting ready for their performance in an elegant room .
a closeup of a white dog drinking from a pipe .
a woman 's  fishing pole is bent down as she stands on a boat in the ocean .
one male in a black suit and hat holding yarn .
"a worker uses a jackhammer on boulders from a rockside , a dump truck is parked nearby ."
a construction worker is digging a hole in the street while another man watches .
"a group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the  "" cyclone. "" "
members of a construction team discussing an issue with management .
two construction workers in orange vests are riding in a piece of equipment .
male adult practicing skateboard tricks at a skate park .
a man in an alleyway getting ready to throw an object up to someone above .
a group of people drumming while sitting in a circle at a gym .
"an injured football player on crutches , wearing a red white and blue uniform , looks towards the sky ."
people go by old white walls with gray squares .
two women stuff filing in wrappers while a man wearing a blue t-shirt looks on .
a dog running through the grass .
two guys in a foreign country cooking over a grill with people walking around them .
"a young man is looking at photos on his computer , sitting at a desk ."
a little girl leaning over a small fence looking closely at a cow .
a man is leaning back in a chair drinking soda and eating .
"two men , one being john mccain , and one woman sitting in red rolling chairs next to a white sign with a blue letter d and a number 5 on it ."
a lone bodyboarder with an older man in the background
a man with glasses in a brown shirt talking while a man with glasses in a gray shirt listens .
man in shorts and t-shirt about to start using gliding workout equipment .
two men on a talk show together sitting in red chairs .
a man is painting a vibrantly colored city scene .
a group of people is standing on a street with towering buildings to each side of them .
people walking on a beautiful day in san francisco .
a little girl makes a silly face while holding a trophy outside .
a climber in a yellow hard-hat is seen mid-climb from above .
"girl with long black hair and white helmet , pouring water from black kettle into mugs ."
a shopping plaza with many people .
two kids are shoveling snow and one is sitting next to the pile of snow
hands with painted fingernails unscrewing nail polish .
a man in a blue outfit cooks while surrounded by plates of vegetables .
a bowler is about to throw a green bowling ball down the aisle .
two people sweeping in a structure that has columns with pictures on them .
a beautiful ballerina with christmas lights wrapped around her body .
a ballerina in a greenish and blue outfit leaps during her performance .
one female and one male playing a game of bowling
a black dog on a dock about to dive into the water after a ball
a black dog on a leash walking in water
a female scientist and a male scientist look at a book together in a lab full of plants .
a man in a white shirt sitting with a woman in a blue blouse .
a young man using a leaf blower to clean the fall season leaves from the area .
a person wearing large glasses is reading an orange hard cover book .
five people in blue raking grass in front of a white building with a blue balcony .
a group of tourists taking a ride on a horse-drawn carriage .
a kid is jumping on a structure covered with soft material .
"an old woman wearing a sunhat and pink blouse examines a grassy , swampy field ."
two little boys are racing each other while a little girl watches them .
a woman in sunglasses taking a photograph
a young boy is sitting on the floor trying to take off his boots .
woman with puffy jacket looking at soup items in a grocery store .
a group of young adult men are playing monopoly .
a woman is manning a grill with some meat
people are actively grilling food on grills on a sunny day while other people stand nearby .
a man in a blue shirt is leading children .
a mad sitting down drilling a hole into a glass bottle .
a man with short hair and a child are sitting as the child opens a present .
a man with a beard and a vest is decorating his mantle with stockings for christmas .
a guy fixing a computer part turning to look at the one who is taking his picture .
two people walk in opposite directions across a brick road .
a young boy wearing goggles working on a simple science project .
a little boy is playing with a yellow shovel in front of a christmas tree .
four people in life jackets float on a raft .
two women standing outdoors on a winter day in the countryside .
a woman with dishes in the dirt .
three women rest at a table with blue napkins and pitchers of water .
elderly gentleman with long hair speaks into a microphone .
a dark-haired person in a yellow top is seated at what appears to be a grand piano .
a young boy in a brown jacket playing a piano .
a man wearing a plaid short-sleeve shirt and light brown pants jumps high in the air in front of mist covered mountains .
two brown horses pulling a sleigh through the snow .
a blond baby is watching a dark-haired baby chew on a blue toy .
a woman straps a cranky child into a car seat .
a diverse group of people sitting on the steps and half wall in front of a school .
two men are kicking soccer balls on a beach .
a middle-aged asian woman at an event showing a red corset to an audience .
a construction worker stand upon a wooden beam and looks down .
a happy group of people smile for a picture at a restaurant
a group of people is having coffee and getting some work done .
a man in a black top is jumping on a sunny day .
many men in purple are playing trumpets .
a man in a white coca-cola shirt and newsboy hat listens to a band play .
group sitting on a grassy hill resting .
a barefoot woman in sweats is leaping into the air with other similarly dressed people behind her .
a smiling young child is wearing a costume .
a man stands on top of an elephant in the water .
a young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks .
a couple people walk on a path with a town in the distance .
the little boy goes down the hill while an older woman looks on
sunglasses wearing young white boy is standing in a field of white flowers and holding a soccer ball .
a police officer on a motorcycle talking to two men on a cobblestone street .
"a boy , wearing black and blue snowsuit and snowshoes , laying down in the snow ."
two people backlit with light sky .
this girl is singing in front of many people wearing a nice fashionable dress .
a man and three boys sitting on a park bench
a shadowy male looking at the far away hills .
two small kids play with colorful toy trucks on the floor .
a woman wearing a purple outfit walking down the sidewalk carrying a white bag .
a fitness class with the attendees riding stationary bikes .
a man in a purple and white shirt is assisting a man in a wife beater with his workout .
a parent is shaving their face while a child messes with their hair .
a man is painting a scene of a lake and boaters while another man watches .
two dogs are biting each other in the snow .
an older man sifts water through his fingers as a young toddler watches from inside the water .
a billboard advertising a vacation in on a run-down street .
a group of horseback riders travel down a dirt path .
three individuals climbing up a mountain on skis .
snowboarder wearing an orange jacket and carrying a sky-blue bag snowboards toward a previously traveled trail .
a man is pushing a young girl on a scooter .
two men cleaning the windows of a tall building
a young man snowboarding at night is midair doing a trick off a homemade ski jump .
a man in a bathroom looks in the mirror and applies shaving cream .
a skater grinding down a rail in front of a latin store while three onlookers watch .
two young ladies in a bar drinking wine to a toast .
four ballet dancers in black costumes are performing on a stage .
a man in a orange jacket is falling into a snowy hillside .
two heavily dressed people are preparing to make tea in the snow by a campfire .
three people are walking through the snow .
a little boy stands in the doorway of a van .
a white and red ship filled with people sits in the water while a line of others are making their way to board .
a black dog is emerging from a red tunnel .
a strong woman in a blue shirt is lifting weights with a machine .
a woman jumping in a desert like area .
a crowd of people are standing outside with coats and umbrellas because it is raining .
a shirtless man with a dog next to him talking to a shirtless girl slouching on a bench .
a hand poking out of a black sweater sleeve is mixing an egg into a flour well with a fork .
a child pulls a toy through a fountain with other children and people looking on .
three men are standing in a police boat with many rocks behind them .
a lady is applying black fingernail on a dressing table .
a young man in a red robe is smiling .
group of middle-eastern men selling trinkets on street .
a guy with long hair and a wineglasses standing near two other men .
small boy in blue striped shirt coming down large slide .
a brown dog jumps as he looks at a soccer ball .
four older men are playing poker on a patio .
"a man with plenty of plumber 's  crack pounds a rock , for some unknown reason ."
a child in a brightly colored hat inspects her snow angel
an older man using a microscope to have more finesse in woodworking .
a man is putting grass onto a car pulled by a lawn mower .
a toddler boy with blond-hair is taking a bath in a little blue tub .
a band is playing music in a light filled stage .
a man in a brown jacket is sitting and working on a detailed painting .
three people standing at the counter in a store .
two young girls are sitting on the ground making something out of straw while a little boy sits in between them .
man jumping on side of road next to a car full of friends .
a guy smiling with a stick inside a paint can .
4 guys in white outfits are in a studio .
a young child is standing shirtless in a dark forest; holding a small bird cupped in his hands .
the dog stands in the sand near the ocean .
a boy stands in front of a junk yard which contains scrap metal and a damaged car .
woman pointing at a piece of art with glass covering it .
a boy in a basketball jersey and black athletic shorts is standing on one leg in a street .
a group of men play soccer in the desert .
a young woman in blue is carrying a box in a barren room .
a very young girl is sitting in a grocery cart near a grocery store deli .
a young girl is playing with a toy octopus in front of her christmas tree .
three children playing with a group of ducks .
three people play in the snow with a forest in the background .
a singer performs with his band mates who are playing guitar and keyboards .
a boy with an oar walks out of the surf and onto a beach .
a woman shoots a free throw at a basketball game .
"two children are jumping on a bed , the little girl is in black pants and is in the middle of her jump ."
a woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll .
a bunch of hipsters in the bowling alley appear to be reacting to shocking news .
two female basketball teams watch suspenseful as the basketball nears the basket .
three people stand in front of a river by a city while one throws something into it .
a group of people hanging upside down on a roller coaster .
a group of five people are riding in a canoe in a river .
a group of people are riding in a horse-drawn cart .
a small boy wearing a polo shirt eating something .
a brown dog is jumping into a pond .
a woman and children are standing next to a large firetruck .
a well-dressed man is holding a saxophone and walking in front of a piano .
a young girl wearing a blue ski cap and red and gray two tone jacket stands between two bits of ice .
a young girl with a painted face runs in a backyard .
"on a stunning blue tropical ocean , a man is in his boat fixing his fishing net ."
two people are digging the ground by a bunch of boats .
it looks like the girl went shopping and got something from the aveda store .
a man walking his dog in a crosswalk .
five people work along the shore in an asian country .
a person standing in front of an aircrew monument .
four to five ballerinas do a dance ensemble on stage for the masses .
big dog trying to bite little dog
people are standing near water with a boat heading their direction
an intrepid cowgirl rides a mustang at the rodeo .
two gentlemen gaze at their crops just outside of a forested area .
two young boys watching someone on a skateboard .
a female speaker at the sva theatre is giving a speech .
a woman and a cocker spaniel are playing in the snow .
a boy in a red helmet hits a ball with a bat .
a child is being taught by an adult to ride a sheep .
a campsite has been established amidst the trees and bushes .
a man with a gray shirt is mowing the lawn while his son is doing the same only with a toy lawn mower .
"a person with a ski mask , gloves and tan coat is laying on snow covered area ."
a young girl and boy on a ride at an amusement park .
person walking through the snow leafless trees in background
a woman and man are at a self-checkout station .
two little boys in a canoe paddling down the river .
two women riding horseback over a grassy hill .
"a person rides a bike down the road , while another sits in a boat on the water ."
two dogs outside fighting over a red frisbee .
a group of young adults come together to perform song complete with drums and a guitar .
a young ball falls asleep in a shopping cart .
"a woman with earmuffs holds a paper that says  "" real change ""  on the cover ."
a peloton of bicyclists riding down a road of tightly packed together houses .
a boy and a girl look at a blue nintendo ds video game .
"a woman draped in and odd dress , reads to the audience ."
two people fishing on a dock with a long winding bridge in the backdrop .
a construction worker fits metal pipes together .
a person wearing snowshoes is standing in the snow near a creek .
a guy riding his four wheel dirt bike while in competition .
"a man plays a guitar on a stage , the lights bright behind him ."
a hockey game features the white team against the black team .
little girl in jeans and a pink shirt is wading along the shore .
a group of people wait in similar attire .
a man wearing a hat and apron samples a taste of simmering soup .
"a man is painting the siding , of previously beige building , white ."
a small black dog chases a large animal in a fenced area .
a woman struggles swinging a hoe while harvesting in a field .
a young asian girl in a tube top holds out her camera to get a picture with her friend who is making the peace sign .
a red-haired woman looks past the cameraman .
a girl in a red tank and jeans is sleeping on a brown sofa .
a girl stands beside a laying dog while leaning on a fence and standing on the dirt ground .
a guy in a robe sitting on the edge of a hot tub smiling .
a very weak looking woman is holding a pot and some branches above her head .
a full sized horse and rider guide a pint sized horse and rider through the stables .
a child is looking through binoculars on a boat while her younger sister waits next to her .
a girl looking over her shoulder lies in a flowerbed and along a street .
two women with their hair covered talk in a kitchen .
"a short girl in a white skirt , black boots , and a gray-green jacket carrying a red bag on the sidewalk ."
two people dressed as animals near a crowd .
a boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field .
two woman wearing skirts walking down the street together
"a shirtless young man , standing under purple lighting , points to the sky with both hands while holding a microphone in one hand ."
a man walking along wiping the floor at the airport .
the black dog and the brown dog appear to be wrestling .
"a young girl is floating in a metal tub in a body of water , while holding a snake ."
a black dog finishes running down a blue and orange ramp .
group of crosscountry skiers hike up a mountain .
"two people in skis , wearing blue jackets , with backpacks are standing in the snow on a mountain near a marker ."
a young children hanging upside at the playground
a brown and white sheltie leaping over a rail .
young child playing with a soccer ball in a grassy area .
"here soldiers in transport in a vehicle to some location , they are surrounded by other soldiers and equipment ."
a boy in a gray sweatsuit unpacking a dvd game .
two children are on a giant inflatable slide .
a man in a robe blows bubbles in a bathtub .
"a woman wearing glasses is sitting on a swing , in a playground with a lot of trees ."
three people riding their bikes on a sidewalk .
a girl in a sweater is at a temple with a variety of plants .
a man speaks into a microphone at a art gallery .
two males are riding horses chasing after a cow in a red wooden arena .
four men are musically performing outside of a building .
a crowd of people watch a music band that is under a tent .
five people are sitting together playing instruments .
an two asian woman painting a piece of wood .
two guys with snowshoes making their way through the woods .
two men both wearing cowboy hats and ponchos riding horses chasing a cow .
three men on horses chasing a bull in an arena .
a young teenage boy waring a green snowsuit is jumping over a set of power lines while two women watch .
a man in a brown plaid shirt has his hands on a car 's  headlight .
a guy jumping off a dock into a body of water .
a postal worker is holding a handful of items to be delivered .
four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen .
three men with drums and tattoos stand near a guy playing the bagpipes .
"a bearded man plays drums at dusk , and a man sitting behind him plays an electric guitar ."
a woman is elevated on a trashcan taking photographs .
a man wearing snowshoes is going down a hill next to tiny orange flags .
people in snowy climate prepare to eat food on plates .
a parade of men hold red and yellow flags as they wave them proudly .
group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass .
"girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin , long , blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera ."
a woman is walking on the sidewalk beside graffiti tagged walls .
police and firemen discuss what to do about the overturned suv lying in the snow .
a blond pony-tailed woman and a gray-haired man converse while seated at a restaurant 's  outdoor area .
"a man in a blue jacket smiles back at the camera , positioned in front of a lake or large river on a clear sunny day ."
men prepare a sailing ship at a dock .
"a woman wearing skates , a helmet , and pads , jumping in the air ."
a man in blue shirt and pants stands in front of a large sign displaying a yak .
"two people in a boat , one a red shirt and one in a green shirt , observe the riverbank as they row along ."
man holds three burning sticks while standing near a playground .
the guy is holding a black stick in front of a playground .
"two young girls are playing , one behind the other ."
a young girl doing a trick in midair in front of a tree .
a man supports a boy as he plays at a playground .
a dog tries to play with a ball that is tossed to it .
child in blue trunks splashing in blue kiddie pool
a boy toddler climbs on a big white sleeping dog .
a middle-aged man in a brown hat observes an open-air market .
"two figure skaters , a kneeling man in a black vest and a woman in a shining golden dress , twirl together on the ice ."
the young boy in red jumpos in the puddle .
a group of 5 kids are dressed in winter apparel playing in the snow .
a man in jeans is lying on a wooden floor .
a woman in a tank top and a man with curly hair play guitars and sing into microphones .
a skateboarder skates down a ledge next to stair steps .
a man in a yellow waterproof jacket and his companion are on a boat in the open water .
please help my family over here in kenya .
two men in coveralls are digging a hole with a shovel and some machinery .
a young girl in a blue and green jacket is sledding .
a man and his sons have come to a small pond of water .
"a girl diving in a public pool , enjoying the water ."
a young girl in a green shirt holding a soccer ball while standing in green grass .
a man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain .
a man wearing a beret and black glasses strums his cello happily in the streets of an urban area .
mother and child walk down the trail at a leisurely pace .
a young girl sets her foot on the ground to provide balance while riding her bike through the park .
young children playing in a green field of grass .
"a girl with a wooden slingshot , stands at the tree line and pulls the band on the slingshot back ."
a child is in midair on a bouncing carnival attraction .
men dressed in khaki are holding a man by the arms .
men with crowns of leaves stand in a downpour .
a mother helping her small daughter with her skis on a sunny day on the slopes .
two men boxing a ring while one boxer is hitting the other .
two people are smiling at the camera as they ski up a snowy mountain .
a skateboarder uses a half pipe while people look on .
"a boy wearing a yellow hat and a shirt that says  "" elmo ""  , is pointing to his forehead ."
an adult and a child are wearing ski equipment in the snow .
these two people are using the oars to navigate in the ocean .
a group of kids doing exercises in a gym .
a little boy skating on his board and ready to take a flip .
two men are duking it out in a boxing ring .
a young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment .
musician in the middle of a large crowd .
a little girl in a yellow dress with red flowers blows a whistle .
a little boy has his index finger in his mouth .
a man in a blue rain jacket fishing during a rainstorm .
young man is skating on a road; on a sunny day .
a man with ice-climbing gear climbs on a sheet of ice .
a group of people are standing on a mountain in the snow .
a young girl with long brown hair and a red sled plays in the snow .
various people on a pier overlooking the ocean .
an exited girl in a bright pink shirt is observed by another girl in a light pink shirt .
a peasant farmer plowing his field with the aid of two oxen .
a man is sitting on a rock high up in the mountains .
"a man in gray on a rocky cliff , overlooking the mountains ."
an older man is sitting on a bus looking out at the scenery .
an innocent child exploring what nature has to offer
two men with orange safety hats are inspecting the stump of a recently cut down tree .
"a young girl sits in the grass , admiring a tiny plant ."
"two boys try to eat a banana and an apple on the couch , but they are distracted by astonishment ."
a girl is sitting on a guy 's  lap at a party .
a woman in orange work clothes next to a large blue trashcan is helping a man sweep some dirt and water into a dustpan .
a man sweeps outside while carrying a baby on his back in a holder .
a body modifier enjoys a beer while relaxing on a nice sunny day .
dj guys being stupid for the camera .
a marching band is practicing in an outdoor field .
a bearded man wearing a brown shirt plays the guitar .
children are playing 3 on 3 ping-pong in a gym .
two men playing a doubles tennis match .
a red race car with a driver in a sky blue helmet in the racing track .
a person with a black jacket is jumping in the snow .
a young girl with long black hair climbs on a piece of rope playground equipment .
a man and woman get in the boxing stance to start their exercise .
"a group of dancers , wearing black pants , tank tops , and black hats , are dancing , holding canes in the air , with their right legs slightly extended ."
a man holding a microphone and hand covering eyes
"a family holding hands in the snow are behind a man and his son , whom is wearing a blue jacket ."
two girls with duck floating are jumping into dark water .
a woman in a gray dress and high heels holding a baby in a pink dress while staring out a glass sliding door .
man identifying tree species to young couple during snowshoeing trip .
a bundled up asian girl wearing a camelbak and walking shoes walking her dog in a snowy forest .
two young boys are bowling with bumper guards .
a jogger with a dog running towards a firetruck with extended ladder on a road
two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront .
"a young boy around the age of 13 is playing in the snow and has a snowshoe on his leg , and is running"
"in this photo , men are getting honored for their bravery ."
a boy in an orange jacket climbes through a play tunnel
a woman cooking over an open hearth .
a group of african children display symbols written on chalkboards in the middle of a dirt field .
a boy kicks a ball in his living room .
a man has climbed to the top of a red light pole and is touching the light .
a skateboarder executes tricks on a jump off a ramp .
a young woman in a black blouse reads a book on a plane .
boy in red shirt standing on roof of a building while another child looks on from below .
"a person wearing a dark blue covered up attire from head to toe , with a mask and vest , holding a thin sword ."
a few men play volleyball .
lab tech looking through a microscope in a lab .
q child in a red shirt creating a rock exhibit .
three older women stop to look at an exhibit in a museum .
a scientist is looking into his microscope .
a young lady equestrian riding a brown and white horse .
crowd of spectators watching colorful hot air balloons in the distance .
a little boy uses a telescope to view an object far away while a little girl stands nearby and watches .
man holds a line as hot air balloon is inflated .
large groups of families gather in an outdoor courtyard to pray for rain .
the little boy is wearing white shorts .
a snowboarder wearing a red coat is going down a snow-covered slope .
a woman wearing a halter top dancing in front of a band .
a group of young adults are organized on a hot day in a park with a fountain .
"a man with a beard , red headband , and leather vest smiles ."
"a boy is jumping into a pool , and showing a peace sign to the camera ."
a woman in a towel is relaxing in a sauna .
a woman with a bag stands on a street near a man leaning on a wall .
cowboy holding on to the horse
two surgeons hard at work examining a patient .
a male teenager is sledding down a snow-covered hill in a green sled .
a skier is leaning to one side to dig their skis into the snow .
men setting up to take a shot with their guns .
a young boy in a long-sleeved t-shirt looks up at camera from an open area way above ground level .
man sitting on an old fashion trolley .
a monster truck flies through the air in front of an arena filled with onlookers .
a man has makeup applied to his face .
the keyboardist and a female vocalist share a microphone while a second man looks on .
a man without a shirt working on a rooftop .
there is a man working on the roof of a house that is either being newly built or remodeled .
a shirtless man wearing blue jeans walks along a grassy area .
a girl in a green shirt is playing on a swing .
a man is chopping up food on the ground .
two monks in traditional orange robes are descending a staircase .
"a shirtless , gloved construction worker is standing on a shingled roof ."
"there are several people but three in particular , coming from a shopping center with boxes and plants in their carts ."
"a young child , pacifier in mouth , stands with her hands up against a glass door , looking outside ."
a strawberry haired guy flashes his blue eyes and big smile at the camera .
two girls sit by a doorway on the steps .
a pilot is putting his luggage right next to the plane in the airport .
a crowd watches a many on a bicycle performing a stunt .
two men on a blue canoe in the middle of a large body of water .
a woman in jeans rock climbing .
"a male dancer in beige lifts his female companion up on his shoulder , as she soars above the crowd ."
two indian women sitting at a market behind vegetables .
"person with ski poles and a red jacket , walking on a snow covered tree over water ."
a father with 3 children look at a painting of a wooded mountain scene .
"an asian woman , and a black male , walking past the stairs to the subway ."
a man is about to fall off of a ladder .
three women and two men are using triangle-shaped nets in a stream .
a hiker poses for a picture in front of stunning mountains and clouds .
a young woman is doing push ups in front of three members of the armed forces at a conference event .
"a young adult smiling after sliding down a snowy , slopped hill ."
a small boy with an orange jacket digs in the sand in next to a flag .
three men and a boy ride an orange roller coaster .
"policemen in riot gear , along with two police on horseback are charging a crowd that are behind a barrier ."
"two kids , one in a white shirt and one in a black shirt , laying on pillows ."
a dancer in a pink tutu strikes a pose outside of a building that is covered with graffiti .
"three little kids on a rock , looking at the water ."
a group of indian young women and girls are bathing at the edge of a pool with their dry clothes and a building in the background .
a blond guy in a green sweatshirt is eating a sandwich .
"this little girl , her blond-hair held back by a red band , sticks her tongue out playfully at the camera ."
a few young girls in a classroom .
the woman is relaxing by dipping her feet in water at a rocky area .
"multiple men in black and white plaid cloth , dancing around a torch ."
a man wearing an orange shirt picks up a french fry with chopsticks .
"a woman with a purple shirt wearing sunglasses , laying on her bookbag ."
a woman in a light pink sweater casting a fishing line into a lake .
shirtless men in matching clothing raise their hands into the air .
the skateboarder in a white t-shirt and blue cap sits on his board and coasts down the gentle grade .
a man is sitting on a skateboard on the sidewalk .
a basketball player in a white uniform is attempting to block a shot from a basketball player in a dark blue uniform .
a woman is shopping for fresh food at an outdoor market .
a group of children are sitting close together and laughing while a boy in a white shirt is jumping over them .
a woman is sitting at a telescope .
a young woman dressed in a purple costume with white wings is handing a little boy in a blue jacket a piece of candy .
one boxer attempts to punch his defensive opponent with a fierce expression on his face .
a hiker in snowshoes out for a walk in the snow pauses to look at the camera .
young people jog in the snow in this city scene .
gentlemen wearing a black and yellow shirt is on stage playing the guitar .
a group of people hiking through ice .
young people on skateboards and one without a shirt jumping in the air .
group of people laughing with books in the background .
two employees knead and prepare dough for use with making cakes as seen through the window .
a chef in white clothes is putting something into a brick oven .
two men who appear to be food vendors are pushing a red cart full of fruit .
a man is walking through a field with some kind of gardening tool .
a man is crouched on his field harvesting roots in the middle of the day .
two men in a field or jungle looking at something .
a person snowboarding on down a mountain covered with fresh powdered snow with pine trees in the background .
a skateboarder at a skate park attempting a rail slide trick .
a man in a red jacket is using a machine on blocks of ice in front of several spectators .
a little white boy dressed in winter clothes standing by a tree in the snow .
several people are working in the warm manufacturing facility .
skiers being snowed on as they trudge across the snowscape .
a man in a white shirt smiles as he sells his street food .
a young person sleds down a hill in the snow .
person wearing a purple coat sitting in the snow under a tree eating a sandwich .
a man sculpting a small clay pot on a spinning wheel
a man in a white shirt and jeans sweeps the sidewalk of a street .
an asian lady stands with a cart of potatoes .
the pope and another man in a black suit are having a conversation .
a child without a shirt running in the dirt .
several tall women jumping into the air while wearing traditional matched outfits and sandals with three aloft hot air balloons in the background .
children are working on an assignment at school .
a man and a woman are dancing together .
a little girl holds the branched arm of a snowman .
"a bearded man wearing blue striped shorts , a dark tee-shirt and backwards baseball cap stands at the wheel of a ship flying a tattered red flagon open water ."
a man is on a boat on calm water and has the rope .
small child in red jacket and khaki pants at the top of a slide with a fence behind .
there are several people outside looking at acorn squash .
a girl kneeling down in what appears to be a church .
a man is bending backwards with black straps around him .
the silhouette of a person jumping in the air during a sunset .
a man waiting for traffic to stop at road crossing
"a yellow hose extends from one of two off-white vehicles parked behind outstretched caution tape , as several figures gather on the sidewalk ."
firetrucks and other emergency vehicles are responding to an emergency .
a man in a tractor going down a dusty road !
a priest on the phone near some female military workers taking a break .
starting a game of hair hockey between two men .
two women and a child sitting by a rock with knitted things .
a group of asian people looking at craft supplies being offered by a young woman .
two children sled riding down a hill .
a fireman is on the roof of the house .
a young person looking timidly at the camera .
a young boy in a red outfit holding a shoe trophy above his head .
a person in a coat reads a newspaper on a bench .
a barefoot man in black shorts is sleeping on a doorstep in front of a red door .
"a newborn wearing a shirt that says ,  "" i am the boss. "" "
children participating in a sack race outdoors with many other children observing close by .
"a boy is singing into a microphone , stage lights in the background ."
a man jumping off a diving board into a pool .
a gymnast is twirling a very pretty ribbon .
a child wearing a blue shirt and shorts is digging a hole in the sand next two a small green shovel .
a young brunette girl wearing a toronto maple leaf shirt is posing with a hockey stick and puck .
a game of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stop there opponent from catching a ball in midair .
a boy in a orange shirt is sitting on a rock near water .
a young infant cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned .
"at the fish market , a worker measures and filets a fish ."
numerous workers with blue shirts and white aprons are preparing fish for sale .
a professor in a black blazer is writer on a chalkboard .
a group of young men stand and sit around a fire pit while drinking and grilling their food .
a little girl in a white tub holds a wooden object into the water .
a vehicle carrying hay also holds a young boy as well as two men who sit on top of the hay .
"two people are hiding under giant bowls , possibly to avoid the sun ."
"there is an older man , ironing a shirt for his work ."
several boys playing around in the field .
two young girls are riding a large bicycle on the side of the road .
a small boy playing with a gun .
a man is writing something on a marker board in a classroom as someone watches him .
two men wrestling on the mat while the audience looks on .
"a white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants , blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair ."
a young boy and 2 girls open christmas presents .
a young red-haired child is about to take a bite of a blue frozen snack .
six children sitting around a rectangular dining table with a green tablecloth and food on it .
two girls lay stomach-down in the grass while sharing headphones to an mp3 player .
two girls lean backwards on tire swings and look upside-down at the camera .
two men standing in a crane lift next to several tall trees .
cowboy starting to fall off a bucking bronco .
a person is show upside down on his bicycle over a large field .
one biker doing a stunt while onlookers watch in the far corner .
a woman is walking across a step ladder bridge between two mountains .
a woman wearing black and white crossing a road .
two elderly women shop for flowers while an african-american man watches at their side .
two children playing in the now and rolling it into a large ball .
a young blond boy is looking a red dog bowl and a shaggy dog is sitting behind him .
two boys using chalk to write on a sidewalk .
a baby in a white shirt is slumped over in a swing in front of the washing machine .
a woman and a young girl are happily riding on a carousel .
two children are asleep in a two-child stroller on the sidewalk .
two children are playing doctor with an infant .
a young blond-haired boy is going down a red slide .
"3 man are playing music together consisting of guitar , violin and banjo ."
an elderly man in a blue shirt standing against a black pipe .
four police people patrol on the streets on horseback .
"a man wearing a tan hat and shirt , an orange safety vest , and dark glasses gestures towards a nearby car ."
long-haired man works in a white room .
"a man wearing a black jacket plays on his smartphone , while the little girl next to him wearing a scarf and blue jacket reads a book ."
a man is going fishing on his boat called 'melanie' .
a lady is smiling while sitting in front of whole foods and holding a food item .
a girl in a red shirt is in a bowling alley .
a crew gets a plane ready to take off .
a thin middle-aged man stands behind a podium in an empty banquet room .
a snowboarder catches some air going off a jump on a snow-covered mountain .
an older gentleman with face paint is playing the violin .
a young boy kissing a man on the forehead as he sleeps .
a man standing in front of multiple piles of soil about shovel with others .
a soldier dressed in combat gear scales a wall to join his fellow comrades on the other side .
a man is inspecting damage in a destroyed room .
there is a man that wearing black and white sitting on a pole with their face painted white holding balls .
a boy takes something from a box being held by a man in a bunny suit .
a blond child sleeping in bed with a blanket on top of him .
a person using a ladder to paint a column white .
a man in a white shirt and green vest using old tools to shape a piece of tree trunk .
a construction man with a blue hard hat is staring down under .
two workers in hard hats and safety harnesses repair a roof .
a young man is on his laptop in an office setting .
two women are wearing aprons and baking attire and cooking something in a kitchen .
two boys got beat up behind a house and left there .
a man is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies .
a little girl laughing while going down a slide .
girl sits on a chair and is texting on her phone .
i see a group of people standing around and a policeman standing around .
the man takes pride in his craft as he concentrates on his carving .
a lady with a red purse is leaving the store .
a bearded man and a blond woman are sitting in an audience
hard hatted construction workers wait to board a lift .
a man eats food on a table in front of a small food shop on the street while a passerby walks by .
a lady in purple kisses a child after her performance .
the local kids are having a footrace .
a girl in a white shirt is running .
a climber stops to take a drink while climbing a snow covered mountain .
a man is sitting on a snowbank .
two children are playing in an outdoor swimming pool .
two men in a parking lot of a business one man watching the other man jump .
a musician playing a stage lit in red sings into a microphone .
"a person is upside down , doing a flip on a snowboard ."
a man is sitting on a chair in front of a stack of watermelons .
four dancers in yellow performing an ethnic dance .
a man in a blue snowsuit does a flip on a huge snowy mountain .
"a fisherman cutting bait aboard his boat , which is moored at the dock , while pelicans swim nearby ."
an older metal worker is sanding down a piece of sheet metal in a workshop .
a man on a bike leading another bicycle along a city alley .
"two children , bundled up against the cold , building a small snowman ."
three men sit contemplating their next bull ride .
"young man , in torn pants , sitting on the ledge of a window , playing a violin ."
a woman mixing together a batter of food .
a group of black children posing for the camera .
a merchant is posing in a butcher 's  shop .
two boys cannon balling into a lake near a red paddle boat .
a man sitting at his work station making jewelery .
an indian man works on a textile in the background while an indian women works with dyes in the foreground .
a parade of people wearing red march past a building while playing instruments .
a man is squatting down while painting his artwork on a large metal garage door .
girl performing a jump in the air using a silk ribbon .
a boy with red soled shoes is playing on a swing .
"a white-haired old lady , wearing a plaid shirt shopping for produce ."
a young female gymnast is laying down on a mat while looking at a hula-hoop .
a camera crew prepares to film with a video camera .
a newscaster in a blue coat gives his report in the rain .
a young man is catching some air while ride a wave board .
a man in a blue jacket is kneeling on a boardwalk next to the ocean so that he can adjust his fishing pole line .
person in exercise clothes climbing a rope .
a man exerts all his force in a gym with a large amount of weightlifted over his head .
a traffic cop direction traffic in a high population area .
a pilot wearing headphones sitting in the cockpit with his copilot .
a child who is playing with rocks .
gray dog running down pavement toward laundry line in courtyard .
"two people sitting near a door , holding bowls on their laps ."
girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet .
a man gets dressed in his home as he looks at his laptop .
"a child sitting on the ground , looks like she is deep in thought ."
a teenage boy and girl enjoying fondue .
"two men , one in blue and one in red , are playing hockey on a field ."
a lady in a zebra-striped coat is interacting with someone dressed in a panda costume .
a group of young boys are playing baseball in a foreign country
three men are working with their bikes in the shoulder of a road .
customers and workers at the checkout of a store with red counters and shopping carts .
two men who are wearing black shirts and pants are holding wooden sticks .
a man in a beige suit is playing a trumpet into a microphone .
three women participate in a dance at a campsite .
"a live music concert is dropping confetti from the ceiling while the crowd cheers on , ecstatically ."
a female jumping in front of a graffiti wall .
"a young man is stretching his leg , while balancing a disc on his finger ."
a college group of students playing a game of jenga .
"two asian women sitting on a street corner , while a white car passes by ."
a large girl wearing blue jeans jumping over a tree stump .
a man working in the fields as he moves his hands around the tall grass .
a young lady takes time to think on a public bench .
a woman dressed in cosplay outside showing off for the camera .
a woman in snowshoes looks at a piece of paper .
a hand holds a pencil over a page of sheet music .
a woman in a candy store browsing candy .
a woman is looking into a trashcan outside of the mango mang .
a lady is fixing another lady 's  hair .
an elderly man in an orange shirt and green shorts walks past a building decorated with graffiti .
two children play soccer on green grass .
fisherman on boat grabbing a net filled with what appears to be clams .
confetti is in the air among a huge crowd of people at some kind of celebration .
a singer is hot and sweaty from performing in a concert .
police looking at each other on horses .
a man holding a child is looking at toys in a store .
a soccer player kicks a ball .
"a woman in a black shirt , with a scarf around her neck , is sewing ."
"a police officer , with many items around his waist , is ordering something at a cafe ."
a colorfully painted and dressed man performs for the audience .
a woman pushing a shopping cart at a grocery store .
a man wearing sunglasses is sitting in a white vehicle with a crest on the door .
a boy smiles surrounded by several other people smiles at the camera .
a man with glass and a woman wearing a pink shirt sit beside each other .
a man is speaking at a podium in a church .
a woman with her hand in a large pot at an outside water well pump .
"two adult women , one wearing an umbrella , and a little girl walking on a bridge ."
several people including a woman in a red dress holding a child are in a street near dozens of pigeons .
a small child hangs out the window of a bus .
four men in purple shirts and two in dark gray moving a sculpture .
people working together fill wheelbarrows at a playground .
a group of young soccer players run down the field after the ball .
a skier flies through the air while doing a trick .
a male surfer felling off of his surfboard on top of a small wave
an older man and a young girl looking at the fish in an artificial pond .
a performer kneeling at the edge of a stage to receive something from a woman in the front row .
two men jump off the ground during a sparring competition between opponents .
an elderly couple dances next to a table where a boy is sitting with his head down .
"a young woman , carrying several shopping bags is jumping up in the air ."
"two women are wearing red ethnic costumes , with a chinese building and a mountain in the background ."
a man and a boy touching one another 's  hands with two other people in the background .
two man are swimming on a shore with a tree covered hill in the background .
the boy is playing a game of volleyball on the beach .
"two men playing ball , one white one black , with the black one leaping towards the right side of the frame ."
seven people are using pc table in a round table .
a man in a green jacket has set up a camera on some rocks .
a man standing in front of a wooden bridge near a rocky river .
a man with shades and a black shirt on performing passionately on stage .
a group of kids enjoy snacks and are playing a board game together .
a scientist in a lab points to a computer screen while one of his co-workers looks on .
a snowboarder in the air wearing bright yellow pants .
a man in construction takes a break while he looks at the view .
a city street has three people walking in different directions .
a man dressed in a traditional native american attire is playing an instrument native to his people .
a woman in a brown dress is jumps off some stairs outside a building .
some staff members in yellow shirts help out with local kids in arts and crafts activities .
"a man , with a red sports jersey , looks on at a football match ."
four guys in white lab coats with lockers in the background holding something on fire .
"a woman in a plaid skirt and a man with plaid socks , kilt get ready to dance the night away ."
several people laying down on a rocky beach in the foreground with people standing up in the background .
a group of people are dancing in colorful costumes in front of a fired earth interiors store .
"a group of women , dressed in festive blue dresses and feather head decors , parade down the street ."
"two women playing in front of a door labeled  "" the castle keep ""  ."
three young ladies in yellow uniform are taking a break at a small table .
a man in a black hat and shorts throwing a matching yellow glow stick
a young lady with wild blond-hair is playing the electric guitar on the stage .
four children are playing in the sand near the water 's  edge .
a soccer player in a red uniform is about to kick the ball .
a little girl is brushing her teeth .
a crowd of onlookers on a tractor ride watch a farmer hard at work in the field .
a man with a shopping cart is studying the shelves in a supermarket aisle .
a man is standing on scaffolding in a studio while a fire burns in the foreground .
an action photo on stage of a punk rock band .
"a couple , looked like aladdin and jasmine , is riding the magic carpet on a night sky ."
a black and a white dog are going after a tennis ball .
"happy , smiley toddler sitting in a pretty blue , white and yellow blanket throwing a large blue ball ."
a band is performing a song in a club .
one young boy holding his breath and jumping in the lake on a warm day .
"a group of women in saris sit , talk and bathe together ."
a boy in a padded helmet is bouncing on an indoor trampoline .
this worker is pushing his cart through the busy traffic alone .
a guitarist jams for a crowd on his red instrument surrounded by his band mates under streaming white lights .
"a man plays his accordion along the streets , entertaining passersby ."
a crowd of adults dressed in bright colors are clapping their hands .
a girl play a violin and another one playing a clarinet behind her .
a woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street .
a man observes a painting while another person attempts to recreate the same painting .
a motorcycle cop examines a bright neon reflective vest while standing next to two brightly colored police motorcycles .
a small child plays with toys at a wooden workbench .
a man in a white apron is grilling on a grill outside .
four men lounging on furniture while all on their laptops against a tan colored wall .
there is a man in a red sweatshirt attempting to do a trick on a skateboard .
several people in costumes from disney movies are walking down a street .
a tour group sits on the second story of a double-decker tour bus in the middle of times square .
a pretty lady is sitting down and opening her purse .
a man waterskiing with the water flying up behind him .
an older woman rolling out dough to bake with .
"a man who is partly bald with sunglasses on , a black sweater and jeans , has a shovel and is shoveling the sidewalk and some stairs while a golden retriever watches him ."
a man and his female assistant use a propane torch to grill steaks .
a person picking garbanzo beans with her bear hands .
a man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
a lone climber on a snowcapped mountain with several huge mountains in the background .
a bearded man in blue jeans on a skateboard is jumping over a shopping cart .
two people climb through a web of metal trellis wearing shorts and tennis shoes .
a man grinds down a rail while on a skateboard .
"a woman with bright red lips and a striped shirt is straining in front of a microphone on a stand , while another person is in the background holding a microphone ."
a young boy is cooking meat on a grill outside .
"an asian man , woman and boy are selecting packaged food at an inside market ."
a marching band wearing blue and black dances on the street .
two children stand and face the camera in front of a dinosaur skeleton .
"two people , one man and one woman , jumping at the same time ."
a young girl in a karate uniform jumps off a trampoline as her instructor looks on .
a girl wearing pink hangs on the hoops .
"a child , sitting at a table with crayons and art supplies , draws a picture with a baby in the background ."
a woman with a microphone making espresso
someone in a rain jacket pushes a yellow bag on wheels down the sidewalk .
little boys playing soccer wearing orange and black
a team of boys in red and black uniforms play soccer on a field .
2 asian men are sweeping flower petals off of some stairs .
a person in black pans and a black t-shirt jumping on a fountain plaza .
a group of boys are building something with wood .
two women are shoveling dirt in a yard by a fence .
a man wearing safety goggles is repairing a bicycle tire .
"a man in a black outfit , with flames on it , is practicing his fighting technique ."
the child is walking through tall grass on a sunny day .
a girl appears to be hanging upside down from a jungle gym .
a kid suspended in midair by some cables .
an athlete in red shorts is caught frozen during a basketball move .
the girls return to the field during their softball game .
"two men in the ship  "" amble ""  are setting out loaded with traps ."
two dogs running in the dirt
a woman wearing a black and blue dress figure skating on one leg .
a little boy looking at his telescope in daytime .
an older man with white hair and a beard is talking into a microphone .
construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings .
two little girls are standing on a small ledge with their faces to a brick wall .
a boy holding a skateboard is jumping over another boy .
"a man and a woman dressed like highway department employees , work on the side of the road ."
several government workers working on a railroad crossing .
"colorfully dressed man dancing in the streets , while balancing something on his head ."
a guy snowboarding down a large mountain .
a skier is skiing down a mountain wearing goggles and a red anorak .
a man is on his mountain bike flying in the air .
"a man sits , selling flowers and vegetables on the side of a busy street ."
a person walking with his bike and two other people .
a man with a beard repairs a net sitting with a buoy and rope next to him .
a person reaches into the backseat of a truck while workers work behind .
a man with a hairy chest is mowing a lawn .
a boy wearing a striped shirt is sitting at a table cutting something .
a smiling boy makes a gesture with one hand while holding a large bottle of soda in the other .
a child and a woman are performing gardening work .
a man jumping his bicycle off dirt mounds is several feet in the air .
an off road bike rider is riding over a log .
a man on the street plays his guitar for the crowd .
two women shopping for groceries at the store .
a woman is waiting with children as she is checked out at walmart .
an older man is shopping at walmart for laundry soap .
"a woman in a bikini is standing in water , and is surrounded by fish ."
two men with no shirts are on a rooftop .
"an elderly man in a white shirt looking at a webpage on his computer , in his office ."
"the officer , on the white moped , is crossing the cobblestone sidewalk ."
a man on a bike is riding past a yellow building that has been marked with graffiti .
woman setting up a photograph of a gentleman in a wheelchair with 3 onlookers and two officials .
a man dressed as a colonist speaks to a crowd in a cloudy town .
a man conducting an orchestra and instructing people .
a man with a camera on his shoulder videotaping a concert recital .
man cutting grass near a building wearing face gear for protection .
a man is outdoors washing his car with soap and water .
a woman is performing gymnastics with long red ribbons .
a woman in sunglasses making a pouting face while eating seafood .
a man in neon clothes fixes a street sign .
a middle-aged woman sweeps the sidewalk in front of a retail shop in a city .
a man cleaning the window of a gift shop .
a man in a uniform is on a ramp looking back at a stacked row of grocery shopping carts .
the ladies in the purple jackets are playing the sax .
a group of men in shorts and shirts jogging down a brick walkway .
a group of man standing by a white truck .
a man is mopping up the inside of an amusement park ride that is covered with blue plastic sheets .
a man pushes a cart on a pedestrian walkway .
a male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room .
a man playing the accordion with a girl singing and playing the tambourine .
an expectant woman happily lets another listen to the baby inside of her .
two people pushing a shopping cart on a people-mover .
"two men are in a speeding boat in the water , with land and sailboats in the background ."
two uniformed men are riding in a motorized boat .
several men in life jackets and other gear on a boat in the water .
the band of four guys is performing on a brightly lit stage .
"five women , wearing long native robes , and two men , wearing only pants , are shown in the water , conversing and splashing ."
man dressed up is colorful garments making balloon art .
two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent .
a man in a helmet riding an atv in a desert .
a young girl wearing a polka dot dress and bunny ears is playing an arcade game .
a man wipes the outside of a window clean as a girl cleans the same window from the inside .
a man with a white t-shirt and blue jeans does a handstand on a green lawn .
two men are removing tree branches .
"three women in dresses are on a stage , leaning back on one leg with a curtain behind them ."
a group of young adults cheering in a crowd .
"a platform floats on a river carrying a man playing a piano , a woman singing , and a man with an oar rowing the platform ."
a man pulling a rickshaw or handcart is sharing a road in china with an audi and truck .
four men attempt to fix a hot air balloon with another hot air balloon seen in the background .
a man is rollerblading on a railing .
a young man sliding down a banister on rollerblades while people behind him watch him in the park .
multiple firefighters are standing outdoors in full uniform
a man in a bright green shirt and hard hat is climbing a tree .
road workers carry orange paint at a work site .
a little girl brushes her teeth with an orange and blue toothbrush .
a male with sunglasses is poking at a tree with a pole .
"two men operating a hose that is hanging down into the water , the target of it is unclear in the picture ."
a group of people in inflatable rafts trying to maneuver in an icy river .
a little girl wearing a life jacket in the ocean watching a whale beside the boat .
maintenance worker cleaning the side of a red and white train .
an old man wearing a blue shirt is riding his bike past a large cruise ship .
woman works with her sewing machine .
"a woman with blond-hair , with bright red streaks on top working on a computer ."
children are playing outside in a fountain .
"the young lady wearing outdoor clothing is tossing a blue football , with a couple of other people in the photo who look like students , on a sunny day ."
"a road worker in green , there is an orange cone near him ."
construction workers in blue pants and lime green shirts cut branches from a tree .
three landscape works clear away a fallen tree branch .
a young blond woman wearing athletic attire is about to throw a blue football .
a woman in black laying face down on a mat in a tranquil room .
two children playing in a soccer match on a soccer field .
"a bull rider , in full padding and wearing a helmet , rides a large brown and white bull ."
two young boys sit in boxes in the living room near some decorative chairs .
a woman in a bright red dress is standing outside of a building .
a young man is singing on stage with mic to his mouth .
a band performs on a small stage with neon lights glowing .
"a man in a neon shirt , khakis , and an orange hard hat walks by a mulch machine ."
a young hispanic-looking boy sitting backwards on a donkey .
family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by .
a man in a construction outfit is working on trimming tree limbs .
a girl in a gray tank top hands a glass to a man in a white shirt .
a team of chefs work to prepare a meal .
a man wearing a hard hat is feeding brush into an industrial wood chipper .
an elderly man holds the arms of a young boy wearing batman trunks .
a boy in a red jersey is playing ice hokey on an outdoor ice rink .
"two men , one in a black coat , have a conversation in front of a building ."
two woman with white head coverings are gazing at a cellphone .
women pointing her arm out while in a stance .
a man and two boys standing in spraying water .
people walking around outside in either fall or winter season .
an elderly woman in a tent uses scissors and a chair to repair a fishing net .
the older gentlemen explains with enthusiasm what the string is for .
a group of men wearing cowboy hats are sitting next to a horse .
"lady in a pretty bright yellow dress is being asked to dance , while children look on ."
a woman wearing a green and pink dress is dancing with someone wearing a blue top with white pants .
a group of young people about to perform in front of an audience .
two little girls in a store that are looking at barbie toys .
a man in a white shirt is standing on an airplane .
"two men in baseball uniforms are playing baseball , one is on the ground with a helmet , and the other is crouching ."
two female cowgirls sitting on well maintained horses wearing white hats .
a man in a white uniform with blue trim prepares food for serving .
two canoes floating down the river with goods .
a young man sunbathing on a beautiful beach with a tower in the middle of the sea .
three young child are observing and interacting with a microscope and computer .
this young woman is receiving a manicure at a salon .
two men and four children wearing matching clothes .
there are a lot of kids walking on train tracks surrounded by trees .
"2 men are wrestling and are in midair , while the referee and spectators observe ."
here is a picture of a teacher talking on a microphone in his classroom .
a man on a bicycle is talking to a woman who is sitting behind some tables .
a subway station where numerous people are standing and one woman is sitting and reading .
two officers on horseback looking down the city street .
coaches for the north side baseball team talk to their players in the dugout .
well dressed man and woman dancing in the street
"this mother and her daughter and granddaughter are having car trouble , and the poor little girl looks hot out in the heat ."
a woman tickling a man on the floor while five other people are laughing .
three gentlemen using a hose to pipe something out of an oil drum .
a man is giving two thumbs up to a crowd of people .
a butcher is slicing meat in a store on the counter .
man and woman dancing on a sunny day in a street lined with small buildings and outdoor exhibits .
a plane is flying overhead while a man is walking near the water on a beach .
young adults dancing in the street
a girl in a bright yellow jacket poses in front of a bright yellow truck .
a janitor sweeps the sidewalk in a busy street with many cars and pedestrians .
"dressed in complete uniform , two young brothers practice martial arts on their parents' balcony ."
a few people sit together on the snowy mountaintop .
two men are sweeping a room that is empty except for one step ladder .
a man sits in his tent on a mountain .
a black dog is poised to catch a frisbee .
kids pass the time while others watch .
a man stands in a red shirt and blue jeans facing a man in black across tracks with an escalator in the background .
a man and woman are dancing while spectators watch .
"a band plays outdoors playing guitars and drums , the singer wears sunglasses and a black shirt and bandanna with a goatee , the other man wears a fedora and purple shirt , the other players are not pictured ."
a young musician performs in front of a skyline .
a workman wearing a striped shirt and gloves clutching his hard hat with one hand and his crotch with the other .
a man in formal attire is playing the clarinet
two men are riding trail bikes and are jumping over a hill in a area that is wooded .
a young man wearing a blue shirt is in midair with a bicycle
"a bicyclist wearing a bright blue short-sleeved t-shirt and protective face gear performs a trick in which he is completely upside down , framed against a background of conifers and a partly-cloudy sky ."
a man grilling outside with a few people enjoying his meat .
some men and boys are playing with a frisbee in a grassy area .
a man poses looking back while a younger girl fishes .
an asian child with a yellow bow in her hair on a swing with an asian woman standing behind her .
a little boy with a soccer ball flying .
"a young lady at a gymnastic event in the middle of her performance , wearing a blue and white outfit while teammates look on ."
a man practices with a three section staff in front of a red curtain .
"a man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin , while standing in a room full of food donations ."
children are walking along a dirt path .
two postal workers are smiling while holding bins of canned goods .
a young child playing in a lexmark box and using it as a fort .
a ballet dancer in a blue leotard doing a back-bend with her left hand extended .
"little boy in orange shirt , holding flip-flops has his hand on his head ."
a man in a gray shirt playing a whistle .
a nurse is listening to another women 's  heartbeat with a stethoscope .
a woman with brown hair is doing a science experiment while wearing goggles and a blue shirt .
a little kid in a blue coat watching ducks swim .
a man in a wetsuit is surfing on a white surfboard .
dog jumping in the snow near a tree .
four boys are shown in a house playing and all wear t-shirts .
two men in hard hats sawing a plank of wood .
three men are sitting on a boat looking up at the sky .
a nun hands a man a napkin .
"four dancers dressed in white , flowing gowns perform their routine ."
a ballerina in a red dress leaps into the air .
a woman is handing dolls out of a large window to another woman outside on a ladder .
"there are four soldiers , two are hurt and in wheelchairs ."
a man playing at a baseball game who has just hit the bat .
people standing outside waiting for the graffiti covered train to pass .
three women dress up as ninjas for a costume party .
a child in a white shirt clapping their hands .
a man in a red sweater and blue cap is painting a picture .
a chinese man plays the drum in a band .
an asian chef wearing white is cutting meat in a restaurant .
men in a kitchen preparing food .
a little girl in blue is watching a little boy in black swing at a disney princess pinata .
a little girl with a face-painting swinging a stick at a pinata .
an older man wearing a tan sweater is working on a painting .
a old man in a red jacket is holding up money .
a caucasian female is jumping and clicking her heels together in front of a crowd of african children .
a man and a little boy enjoy a dinner of vegetables .
a teenager stuffs his mouth with something as he sits inside a home .
a man is playing the accordion .
a man with a scarf throws a stick javelin-style on an abandoned beach .
a man in a hat and blazer performs on the street with his guitar and harmonica .
two men bend over the hydraulic hoses of a john deere farming device .
two female street performers playfully interact using a ball as a prop .
an amish lady hangs up clothes to dry outside on a line .
two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal .
the little boy is wading through the pool with red arm floaties .
there are a group of people playing soccer next to a bunch of bicycles .
a man in a white hard hat pulls a sea probe that is hoisted over the side of the boat .
two little boys rowing through the brown murky water .
a little boy jumps high above the swimming pool with a man in the background .
a boy is wearing a baseball mitt and holding a baseball .
a group of people sit on a bench admiring a painting in an exhibit while others walk by .
crowd moves through building with large sculpture centered in picture .
"a man with a backpack , wearing shorts and a t-shirt , walks through an art museum , looking upward ."
a man and four teenage boys are raking a baseball diamond .
student uses a camera to take a picture of a piece of art .
students are carefully focused in one direction .
"indoors , a woman wearing a surgical mask , gown and gloves works on a reclining person ."
a group of guys working as a group in a classroom .
a man skateboards in a skate park while others skaters skate in the background .
a man and a young toddler are playing outside in the grass .
a truck with a crane and 3 workers on it is in front of a construction project that has a green covering .
a young child throws a frisbee to the ground .
indian women learning from a man how to make fabric .
a man is dressed as a movie character holding a gun in the lobby of a movie theater .
a police officer is putting a leash on a dog .
a police officer is riding a horse through the street .
many women trying out and looking at laptops in a walmart .
a male tennis player prepares a left-handed forehand while playing on clay .
the green hula hoop soars through the air as the young lady watches for its landing .
the man in red stands behind the chains while looking across the water towards land .
nine men vigorously play rugby on an outdoor field .
two men are sword-fighting in front of a crowd .
odd child with fake eye barrows and a cut on his lip holds out his right hand .
a guy sitting outside on top of a bucket playing a banjo .
a tennis player getting ready to hit the ball while standing on a bright orange court .
two females dressed in pink are sitting on swings that are part of a suspended wooden square contraption .
"two children are looking through a telescope on a city street , and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass ."
a group of children in the water holding up a blond boy in red swim shorts .
a man is showing some boxes of perfume to a person inside of a car .
children are playing a game outside .
two female army personnel are handling a lot of paperwork at one desk .
a woman is doing inclined dumbbell presses at a gym .
a woman in a black and white checkered shirt is coloring in a coloring book with a little blond girl .
group of people by the ocean holding a net
a group of men and women sit at a restaurant table with beer and food .
a young female baseball player slides to home base but is caught by the umpire .
two people are jumping on a bridge in the mountains .
"the woman , in the blue shirt , is carrying a broom and a metal dustpan ."
a little girl is walking by the beach in blue and red rain boots .
a blond little girl looks through a pair of green binoculars .
a boy petting a dog in a yard with a garden in it .
brown-haired women presents birthday cake to blond-haired boy in front of crowd .
a group of people of all ages gather in a pretty white kitchen for refreshments .
"a young boy and a woman pose near a snowman as a dog lies on the flat , snow-covered ground ."
a little boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch .
a boy is being covered in sand at the beach .
"a child wearing gray pants , green winter coat and black ski cap feeding geese in a lake ."
a man is painting a wall .
"a young boy is driving his pedal-powered , toy tractor outside as his friend jumps around in the background ."
a child in a red snowsuit stands next to a snow pile .
"a boy and girl are standing together , and the girl is holding a volleyball ."
a little girl and boy play tea with pretend dishes and dolls at a little table .
two young children dressed in winter clothes ride their toy sleds down a small hill .
a construction worker in an orange vest stretches on the job .
a woman and a male child are engaged in a balloon fight as a man watches .
a girl in a blue dress plays with a chinese yo-yo .
three young women in white and black dresses playing violins on a stage .
a child uses a hand to erase part of an advertisement from a chalkboard .
"two people , one wearing a blue shirt and another wearing a pink shirt , are rappelling down a building ."
"two workers , working on a rooftop , looking over a town ."
a man holds a woman in a blue and white costume in the air .
a military group is marching in front of a mcdonald 's 
an enthusiastic little girl showing her skills on the drums .
a player on the beach is waiting to catch a ball .
a male photographer kneels while taking a picture with a nikon camera in a parking lot .
"two women have a discussion in a mostly white , modernistic office ."
"a large crowd of people , and at the side a gentleman having his picture taken by a photographer as he poses ."
a billboard for comcast digital voice that references madagascar 2 .
a child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water .
an older man plying a guitar in a band .
a woman holds two baby girls whilst sitting cross legged on the grass .
a helmeted rock climber ascends a rock with trees behind .
several little girls dressed up in costume to entertain their friends and families .
a girl jumps rope in a parking lot .
a group of people standing in line outside the hyatt regency .
a girl with blue highlights watches a dog leap to catch a frisbee .
a little girl is jumping rope in a parking lot .
a woman is playing a keyboard while singing into a microphone .
two construction workers are maneuvering a log onto or off of a flatbed on a heavily tree-lined road .
a man in suspenders is dancing on a stage while a band plays behind him .
a man is standing on a mountaintop looking into the distance .
children playing on the sidewalk surrounded by leaves .
a male hiker carries his gear up the snowy mountain .
a man skiing in the mountains
a man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset .
a child is observing a specimen in a microscope .
a young girl in black is walking on a treadmill .
a group of people exercising on a green field .
men and women practice yoga in a public park .
two women wearing skirts dance on a stage .
a man pointing to the audience area on stage while holding a microphone with banjos behind him .
two women face each other in a dance .
a group of rollerskaters follow the lead of a man wearing blue pants and a red shirt on a wood paneled floor .
two brown dogs are playing with a red ball .
a young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete .
the young lady is standing after performing in a play .
a kite surfer and a kite flier prepare to launch their respective kites on a grassy slope .
kids playing on a playground with a man sitting on a bench reading a newspaper .
two women walking on a gray road .
a man wearing a suit and hat holds a wineglass .
a baseman is holding out his glove to catch a ball and tag his opponent out .
a cameraman is working at a sporting event .
a woman in a turquoise top talking to the conductor of a trolley near a foreign cafe .
a man in a blue shirt washes a window high off the ground .
"a woman with green hair , a sexy outfit and black stiletto boots is standing in a pose behind a few black railings ."
three people riding horses are in a race .
a large crowd of people raise their arms in an urban setting while photographers document the event .
a small child dancing in front a orchestra band .
men and women eating near a storefront one man and a woman with a stroller taking to each other .
a young child with blond-hair is staring into a camera picture .
a young woman with a feather in her hair is featured from among a crowd of people .
a cowboy on a horse at a rodeo .
asian religious members wearing dark red garb are at an open air market conversing with patron of a vegetable stand .
a little boy jumping in a large body of water .
a swimmer is swimming from one side of the pool to the other .
four men sit on a bench in a desert village .
a woman in yellow works at an outdoor fruit stand while a customer in sunglasses stands near the stand .
"graphics designer , male (approximately 38 years old) drafting on design table in office ."
a man in black and white garb and wearing a black hat and white gloves is sitting on an amp playing a tuba with flames coming out of the opening .
young lady during a performance of modern dance .
a child in a green shirt is looking at something that is out of the frame .
"a girl , in a pink shirt , is enjoying a delicious treat of cotton candy ."
a woman in a flowing green dress is dancing .
a gentlemen is enjoying a afternoon of golf .
a man dressed in black plays a long instrument with others in an orchestra .
"three women in tracksuits , hunched over , cleaning a basketball court floor ."
a man wearing red and yellow riding a red sport bike driving on a racetrack .
a man sits on a stool and reads a newspaper on a sidewalk .
a curly-haired dog tries to bite another dog wearing a green and orange collar .
a large group of people is standing in two ovals while listening to a band play in the background .
a woman in scuba gear laughs as she stands neck-deep in a swimming pool .
people train in a studio with pads .
a female singer on stage with a tambourine with two men playing guitar and drums .
rodeo rider shows great style mid jump of his bucking horse
two female tennis players shake hands over the net while an official and court attendant look on .
a cowboy is riding a wild horse but barely holding on at a rodeo .
a girl dressed in black jumps in the air while holding the string of a pink balloon .
a little girl running through a crowd of people sitting .
a groom dressed in a black tuxedo dips and kisses his bride at the wedding reception held in a home .
several people are dancing in a crowded room .
male in a blue shirt with id tag vacuuming a model of a building .
an oriental man in a white shirt selling food outside .
a man sits on top of a streetlight post with a picture of a thing in bones looking up to him in the focus .
"a group of men , one with a bike , on a dock with tires and a rope ."
two men are working in a field by a den as their dog is about to walk up on them .
a boy performs a stunt on a skateboard in a skate park .
a group of men is standing around a table and looking at a map .
baby has fun brushing his teeth .
"a pitcher in a blue shirt , on the mound , practices his grip before throwing the pitch ."
the baseball player is about to run on a base .
a baseball player swings at the pitch while the opposing team 's  catcher is ready for the ball .
a man in a white baseball uniform picking up a baseball .
a base runner is being tagged out by the opposing team .
a man wearing baseball attire attempting to catch the baseball .
a baseball player in a red and white uniform looks on as his teammate trips while running to a base .
player 22 receives pitch from women near pitchers mount .
a man in a plaid coat sells colorful balloons from a cart as people walk by .
a child peering out the window of a bus .
a little boy in a green shirt is playing in water with a little girl in a pink shirt and purple skirt .
"people walking and standing around a large fountain , two children standing in front of the fountain ."
"three guys on stage , one of whom has a guitar and another a keyboard ."
two boys playing in the sand .
an elderly woman wearing an apron and black dress hangs clothes on the laundry line .
young boy plays a game on the computer .
a man in a yellow tank top drives a tractor with several passengers .
"school children in uniforms sit on hill , while eating lunch ."
a pastry chef sprinkles ingredients on a pan of backed goods .
"a few kids and adults , wearing aprons making cookies ."
a man with a crazy hairdo and a long braided mustache sits on the sidewalk outside playing a stringed instrument .
a woman and a girl are looking at a hovering ball together .
a little boy in a blue cap and blue shirt looks at a model while standing outside .
man cutting up his food to put on a plate .
a group of multi-ethnic young people sit in a circle on grass next to a hill .
a couple holding hands while walking down the beach .
a newlywed couple pose for formal pictures in front of a beautiful water fountain .
a cheerleading team of young girls performs on an outdoor venue .
six men wearing yellow suits and orange life vests are leaving a rocky shoreline on their boat .
a person sits in rocks in waterproof gear with their boots in the water .
three people are attempting feel the rush of free falling before they pull their parachutes .
a young boy is looking at a man painted in all gold .
band of gentlemen sitting in a semi circle playing brass instruments at the park
"men in american revolutionary hats and costumes stand with american flags , backs to the camera ."
a girl and a guy who looks like they are outside breakdancing .
a man carrying a blue oil drum is performing a show on the street .
"a man wears american flag shorts , shirt , and hat at an outdoor gathering ."
a man is about to hit the water .
a group of people are conversing while a man in a white shirt takes notes .
a group of men are holding a meeting .
"the pitcher on the mound , number 46 , is poised for his next pitch ."
"a baseball player , wearing red , diving to catch a ball ."
a baseball player in blue tags a player in red out .
a woman with green hair hula hoops before a crowd .
a young girl with blond-hair peering through a microscope .
women in black coat waits on laundry while reading newspaper .
a man is sitting in his chair in an office while putting on a red fleece sweater
an older man is playing a guitar while on stage .
a man and a woman are setting up a dining room .
a man participates in an ancient ritual dance .
a man in a blue jersey and red hat is about to throw a baseball .
three men work at a construction site .
a baseball player sliding into home as the opposing team 's  catcher awaits the baseball for the out .
a baseball player with a red helmet is hitting a baseball .
"african grocery market , with lady shopping for vegetables and fruits ."
a young girl blows a huge bubble on her back porch .
several men in white chef 's  jackets work in a kitchen .
a bull is running towards a red cloth .
a dead bull is being pulled out of an arena by horses .
a person with long hair is sitting on a purple couch .
a man with a backpack on is waited on at a deli counter by a clerk with a black hat .
a group of people walk up a sloping trail lined with trees .
eight young women perform a cheerleading dance on a court .
the man in the white shirt is praying in public .
"person in white shirt and blue jeans , holding hand out with an empty cup in the other , and a liquid mess on the ground ."
long line of people waiting to get into the magpie cafe .
a shirtless man is in midair with a skateboard beneath him .
individuals sit contently on park benches under newly blossoming trees in an urban area .
two women are at atms getting money out and the lady on the left has two children .
a man is taking pictures on his phone of stone figurines while his dog looks on .
a young couple riding on a bus with the boy 's  arm around the girl .
a small boy is walking through the forrest .
people are riding an escalator up and down a subway station tunnel .
a woman is performing a native dance in front of a band .
"a woman in ethnic attire is kneeling on the ground , arching her back in a dance position ."
four people wearing black leotards dancing on a beach .
three kids up close on the beach with more people in the background .
people enjoying a nice game of bowling .
a mysterious man is leaning against the white wall of a dimly lit tunnel .
a man is on a bucking bull at the rodeo .
a black woman peering through a telescope with several people in the background in the park .
a man is looking at the moon throw a telescope at dusk .
two asian men sit down and look at something that is out of view of the photograph .
an young overweight male pitches a ball .
an older white man with glasses works on a metalworking task on an anvil .
three construction workers completing the foundation for a driveway .
a lady wearing a red hat is fishing in a quiet and peaceful lake .
a woman in a dress hanging laundry up on a clothesline outside in her yard .
a young woman is painting the wall of a room with bright orange-red paint .
a man presses some sort of dough-like food between two wooden paddles .
"a woman , with dark hair in a braid , who is smiling as a group of pigeons fly around her ."
a man is driving past a truck hauling vehicles .
a man with a gray shirt with the tag bombardier is using an orange flashlight .
a group works on a project involving a piano and has 53:11 remaining .
a group of people with white face makeup gathered around a table with some people playing instruments in front of a truck in the background .
there is a carpenter measuring a board .
a man in a gray sweater and glasses is laughing .
contortionist in strange checkered outfit wearing a white mask .
a brown-haired woman is giving a black and white dog a haircut .
man wearing a hard hat and face mask while standing idle on the job .
a man at the bottom of a concrete hole with a rope .
"two women wearing safety goggles , looking at the same notebook ."
men converse as two men are in a bucket lift .
women enjoying a day shopping in the streets .
women dancing in bright colored costumes and bare feet .
a birds eye view of women dancing with different colored dresses .
four girls synchronizing dance recitals in which they are wearing blue and purple outfits .
a little league pitcher is throwing the ball
one guy is trying to make a base and the other is throwing a ball .
a singer kneels with his microphone while a drummer plays in the background .
a man leaning over a fence is talking to a baseball player who is resting .
boy jumping off the high diving board at a public pool .
a jockey crouches low urging his horse forward during a horse race with another jockey in hot pursuit .
a horse jockey covered in mud during a race .
a jockey on a white camel takes the lead in a camel race .
"three young , athletic girls are dressed in black and blue leotards ."
a guy with blue jeans on and a few people in the background are cleaning up a big mess .
a crowd of people watching a man ride on a dirt bike .
a man in a blue peacock costume with smoke and fog underneath him .
a baseball player catching a ball as it comes to him .
a girl in ripped jeans and a white t-shirt leads others in a synchronized dance .
an asian gymnast in a rhinestone suit holding a baton .
"a male skateboarder in a black shirt , and white pants , jumping over a yellow object ."
four young girls compete in team gymnastics .
a young gymnast in a burgundy and silver leotard performs a routine .
there is a guy doing tricks with his skateboard .
a female gymnast is doing a flip as is captured in the photo with her feet in the sky and he head towards the ground .
a man is using an umbrella .
two boys getting shot by a water gun by another boy in a yard .
indians having a gathering with coats and food and drinks .
during the middle of a water fight a boy decides to dumb a gallon of water on a girl 's  face .
a band performs music on a stage with lights .
blond man in a black suit with yellow shoes in jumping over a hurdle .
a donkey suspended in air after a cart it is attached to over turns .
two men are fighting each other in a martial arts match .
a person in an orange kayak navigates white water rapids .
two men are driving a motorcycle with a compartment attached on the side
a crowded city square being entertained by street performers .
two men work on girls bike in front of garage .
a middle-aged man wearing a red sweatsuit fixes his bicycle .
two navy men and two young girls are playing monopoly .
"a man is standing inside a laundry room , pointing to a button on a washing machine ."
two boys in a wooded area are placing leaves in a clear viewing container .
two musicians are performing on stage in front of a crowd .
a man in a leather jacket holding a helmet at a crosswalk .
"a man is doing a cannon ball into a pool , stadium chairs fill the background ."
a woman dressed in a neon pink tutu and leotard dramatically holds her boxing gloved hands above her head in a crowded public space .
five people standing at a modern rock concert rehearsal .
a small boy is holding a basketball in position to throw it into a hoop on a game .
"three swim competitors with blue , green , and yellow head caps are getting ready to race ."
a teenager in a blue t-shirt in playing a game at a table at a video arcade .
a man playing a synthesizer wearing a green sweater and hat .
"a photographer in a green shirt and jeans , stoops to photograph a swimmer in red that is exiting the pool ."
a female athlete is running after exiting a swimming pool .
a young girl eats a piece of cake .
men are competing in a motorcycle race .
a shirtless man in black pants is pulling the leg of another man in green pants .
a baseball player jumps against the fence to make a catch
a baseball player in a white uniform is throwing the ball to another player at a base .
two men play cricket in a park .
a baseball player in a gray uniform is catching a ground ball in his glove .
a boy plays on a green swing .
a bunch of happy children having fun swimming and one boy is showing off his talent with a back flip .
a woman with red-hair is singing .
a girl in red with a white tutu is performing a dance move while 6 other girls stand beside her .
a tired man in a blue shirt kayaks down a lake .
"one man with a hat on by the ocean , lifting up a sac ."
a person in pink attempts to mount a horse .
"while at a rodeo , a brash cowboy has wrangled a young calf with many fans in the background looking upon them"
the swimming competitors prepare for their meet .
a baseball player in white is sliding into the base while the player in gray is trying to tag him .
a motorcyclist performing amazing tricks in front of a crowd of thousands .
two dogs play together on the grass in front of a small stone well .
employee 's  are trying to fix the tangled nets for the fishing boat .
two men are sitting on a pile of fishing nets on a dock next to an elaborately designed fishing vessel .
a band is playing for a crown in a nighttime setting .
one man wearing a green shirt is playing music on a blue set of drums .
a skater moving around a track in front of an audience .
a man at a skate park is doing an ollie out of a bowl near a beach .
a girl climbs all over a bunch of wires .
the backside of two men cooking at a stove .
a man flips through the air with a large pine tree in the background .
a boy is dancing with headphone in his ear .
man in white shirt blowing trumpet .
the woman is attempting to surf in front of two photographers taking pictures .
this woman is horseback riding on a sunny afternoon .
a person riding a dirt bike dangerously close to a cliff in a forest .
a man and woman on horseback holding up the american flag before a rodeo .
a young boy in a blue t-shirt looks through a microscope .
two women involved in either the preparation or sale of something in yellow bags .
"three men playing music on a stage , one is on the piano , one is singing , while the other is playing a drum with his hands ."
a surfer showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine .
a woman reads a magazine as her laundry gets done .
four little naked boys playing with an ox in dirty water .
"this is a man in a clown costume balancing a saucer on top of a stick , on his nose ."
teenager playing guitar live in a rock band
one lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phone at the grocery store .
a roller derby match with an action shot of a derby girl in the foreground .
"two ladies in tank tops are singing into a microphone , they both have dark hair and one is white and the other african american ."
two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water .
a man playing a guitar on stage under red light .
multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work .
"a woman in a blue shirt is speaking with two other women and a man , who is wearing glasses ."
two men are working computer dj equipment in the dark .
a woman is driving a wheeled contraption with a pony on the front at a beachfront sidewalk .
a group of kids and young adults skateboarding on a ramp .
a group of tourist on a small boats with building around which is surrounded by waters .
a couple sitting together at a small circular table in an older looking rustic building .
two boats with paddlers and passengers are in a river lined by buildings .
a man giving a presentation while wearing a brown striped suit .
"a man wearing sunglasses and a hat is standing in a field of wildflowers , inspecting one of the flowers ."
a explorer on a dirt trail looking at a flower .
"an individual wearing a beanie and a blue coat stands hunched over suitcases of various items , including cameras and scissors , on the sidewalk ."
several men on the deck of a ship are lowering another man into the water .
a man sitting on the floor looks out a large window .
a man does a one handed handstand on a hardwood floor .
"a man receives a piece of paper from a woman while shaking her hand , as a man wearing an  "" ohio state geography ""  shirt looks on ."
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .
the man is excitedly holding up a fanned out deck of playing cards .
someone is whisking eggs with a handheld mixer .
a man is using spray paint to paint a picture on a wall .
a man is balancing in a pose as a woman runs down the dock by him
a guy wearing a black attire is doing ballet in front of the pier where you can see a cruise ship .
the man in black is posing for a picture .
a man dressed in black on the beach sitting under a red umbrella .
family and friends wait nearby while a group takes a swim at the indoor pool .
this man seems oblivious to the insects hitching a ride on him and his weapon .
a man dressed in gray laying on the floor in front of another person while reaching out his hand .
a person is flying through the air attached to a board with a parachute .
this is a woman brushing her teeth in the woods .
"a biker doing a trick off of a ramp that reads  "" rona ""  and  "" cariboos brewing ""  ."
people are in a laundry mat washing clothes .
a man wearing hot pink briefs is standing on an outdoor platform juggling in front of a crowd below .
man wearing a helmet and driving a quad showing off for the camera .
several bystanders are watching as a man does a wheelie on a yellow four wheel bike
one young man kicks another young man in front of a two story house .
"this beautiful dancer is stretching in a studio , either warming up or cooling down ."
a woman with a painted face is holding a fan in front of her face .
a baby is looking quite tired as she sits inside a luggage bag .
a female chef is showing off her carved fruits .
old man cutting a piece of pipe to the correct shape .
a canteen truck for actors on location filming a period piece about the 1800 's  .
"a worker in an orange vest and hard hat is on top of a yellow ladder working on a phone line , while other men work below ."
a skimboarder performs a trick in the water .
a person stands in a boat labeled texas mooring in front of a red wall .
in front of a clothing shop a man lays bricks .
a small child perches himself of a rock on the shore of a pond with a dog close by .
a young blond boy plays with a dollhouse .
a woman is sitting by a desk crafting necklaces out of assorted beads by hand .
isuzu truck driving by while a man with some cows drive the opposite way .
a small child is cycling away from a large bridge on a cloudy day .
a group of men sit along a blue wall next to two bike carrying baskets of fruit .
three children play with a volleyball in shallow water while an adult in a red cap and neon green shirt observes .
a tattooed man in a tank top screams into a microphone .
"a man and a woman on bikes are bicycling down a large highway in the trail lane , along with other bikers and joggers ."
a little boy looking at some objects through a magnifying glass .
a woman in a orange shirt is hanging clothes on a clothesline outside .
a child stands in tall grass by a body of water .
lady in gray top and white pants carrying soap in laundry mat .
the dog in the picture does n't  like blowing dryer .
"two men wearing traditional scottish attire , hold bagpipes in their hands ."
a man is juggling bottles that are on fire .
"a tennis player , wearing a yellow shirt , jumps to hit the ball to the other player , who is wearing black ."
"a ballerina is dancing in a dark , rustic environment ."
a shirtless man is rock climbing at a very steep angle .
"a woman , standing behind a girl , helping the girl with an experiment ."
"two women in white shirts stand by a sink , one with a bowl and one holding a pen ."
scientists watching liquid flow out of a beaker in a lab .
a man in a lab coat is doing some type of experiment in a lab .
two joggers and two bicyclists vie for room on this city street .
a woman cashier standing in front of the cash register with some money in her hand .
a man in a fluorescent green shirt stands on a city sidewalk .
a very young boy is sitting on his preschool type bicycle under an outdoor table .
a man in the navy is looking in something .
a young girl with dark hair bends over a piece of pottery that is on a table .
there is a girl creating art in this picture .
people are ordering fish at what looks to be an asian seafood market .
a young man in a striped shirt with a gas mask on .
a laborer is using a hammer and chisel to make carvings into wood .
a man is working in a restaurant while a man washes dishes behind him .
a bald man in a white shirt kneels on a wooden platform and washes his head in a stream .
"a group of people , ranging from kids to adults , who are prepping their equipment before going diving ."
a man in a hat leans on a partially constructed wooden structure .
a harmonized moment in a colorful ballerina show .
a group of rollerskaters skate on a patch of cement with palm trees in the background .
a boy with a helmet mountain bikes through the woods .
a woman playing the violin with sunglasses on her head .
a man is rescuing another man from a boat .
two men in police uniforms are talking .
"three people , two men and a woman playing dominoes on a little round wood table ."
"asian people are dancing in the street with trees and buildings in the background , while wearing red , white , and green colored costumes with green headbands ."
"a group of asian people in decorative dress smile , and walk happily in a parade ."
a laboratory technician examines a blood sample using a high powered microscope .
a old man and young women dancing at a party .
two police officers are sitting on motorcycles in the road .
a blond woman is playing the guitar on stage .
"a cowboy tries not to fall off of the bucking cow , while spectators , a man on a horse , and a rodeo helper observe ."
the rowdy bull spits as the men attempt to lasso it .
a man is cutting wood planks with a table saw while another man watches .
a man in an orange uniform poses in the middle of a street .
band members march in a parade on a tree lined street .
three hikers walking up a steep hill in a beautiful wooded area .
people are balancing on top of beams that are coming out of a john. f hunt owned genpac generator .
a group of people are hiking along a grassy area .
two young girls sitting on a sidewalk coloring on it with chalk
two people stand in the ocean and hold a net while the third person watches
a musician in the streets is wearing a pair of shorts and styling a mohawk .
four people are rowing in a canoe on a calm peaceful lake .
"a group of young people wearing bathing suits are standing on a cliff over the water , with one of them ready to jump in the water below ."
a little girl and lady brushing her teeth .
a mother and two young children sit on a couch that is outside on the curb .
a man on a cellphone is getting his shoes shined by another man wearing a blue uniform .
"a long-haired , shirtless man with face paint is playing a bass guitar at a concert ."
an animal is attempting to cross the river .
a man in a green shirt carries a flag in the midst of a group of people .
the stadium is filled with spectators viewing a sporting event .
lots of people at a swap meet in a parking lot .
a soccer game is being played .
a woman is bowling barefoot as 2 people in the background head toward the video games .
"a little girl lies on a rug , coloring ."
a crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium .
"five people walk across a sport field , one man is wearing a moose hat ."
a man is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle
"young boy encounters other children , also riding bikes ."
a game of carcassonne is being played on a table while one guy considers his move .
the young girl happily plays in the tree .
"two boys , one in a white and the other in a brown shirt , play a video game while a third looks at a bag ."
a man in a black shirt eating delicious food .
a civil war reenactment with cannon teams firing cannons .
a woman wearing a headscarf is working with her hands .
a boy at a skate park wearing a blue helmet inline skates on a small railing .
"a football team is playing , the yellow team has the ball ."
"two men , one dressed in official clothing , stand on a boat ."
very poor people in a foreign country playing a game to entertain themselves with what they have .
a crowd is assembled and cheering for an on stage performance .
a young woman wearing cycling attire turns backward
"a woman with a tennis racket is bending down , with graffiti in the background ."
a child wearing a pirates costume holds up a skull and crossbones sign .
a girl in a blue shirt sits in a salon chair getting her hair done by the stylist .
child in red shirt waits in line along with many other people .
"football players dressed in yellow , blue , and white uniforms are playing against other players dressed in gold , and blue in a stadium ."
two girls competing in a motocross race talking at the starting line .
three bicyclists wearing protective gear while racing down a steep man made slope .
a person riding a bike in the dirt .
"a man with a black hat , a pair of glasses , and a long white beard sits next to a painting of himself ."
a college student is looking at papers in a messy dorm room .
"at a crowded baseball game , the hitter leans backwards gripping his bat as the ball lands in the catcher 's  mitt ."
a female performer is barefoot and performing in front of a crowd .
a football player is calling a time out while his teammates prepare to play football .
a man holding a steel rod forges a fire .
a male and female wearing lab glasses are working with vials in a lab .
the goalie is fleeing the defender to try to get the ball to a teammate .
"two teams playing against each other , one red and one blue with two members squaring off ."
a chemistry student is eyeballing the contents as it sits on a weight scale .
"a young female student , wearing an owl t-shirt , works on an experiment by filling her test tubes ."
a runner wearing purple strives for the finish line .
"two men are playing a sport similar to soccer , with one in red trying to pass the defender in blue ."
herds of bikers race by the spectators .
a man in a blue uniform jumps in the air to shoot a basketball .
walking and talking and turning trees to mulch .
"two teenage females , floating on water while inside giant plastic balls ."
a baseball pitcher is throwing a pitch .
"two men , one with the number 13 jersey and one with the number 24 , are playing baseball ."
a man playing guitar in front of a microphone .
"a man is skateboarding in a park , and he is on a wall , and there are other skateboarders in the background ."
a man unsafely standing on a ladder painting a wall .
a large group of people sitting on a pier overlooking a lake .
a man playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette .
a group of people on the ice and one sawing a hole in it .
three children in the ocean next to a sailboat .
an older man wearing a turban sits on the ground while holding a large rock .
man in a green shirt waving while walking .
"two men , one who is drinking a beer , are sitting , smiling at the camera ."
a girl in a gray t-shirt is sitting in a chair .
there is a biker riding a bike in midair in an outdoor setting .
a woman in a pharmacy looks through a stack of papers .
a man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background .
friends are showing off a new drink .
a happy older couple share a dance while a younger dancing woman looks on .
a man is posing next to stacks of cowboy hats .
a dancer wearing white shirt and shorts is photographed by a man also wearing white .
a child looking through a telescope on a playground .
a man is racing an unusual type of bike with many people watching him .
a man trying hard to finish a race
"at the beach , a man is laying on his stomach and reading a book while a woman in a polka-dot bikini sunbathes ."
tourists observe a geographic landmark through viewfinders .
"two cyclists , in yellow , are competing in a race ."
"two soccer players , one in red and the other in yellow , battle for a soccer ball ."
a woman with green knee pads is skating inside a cement hole .
this male team is running down the dirt road with there canoe .
"two females , one in a dark blue shirt and the other in a white shirt , are playing lacrosse ."
"on a snowy day , a child in a red coat touches a dinosaur statue ."
a caucasian male performing a water board trick in a lake with trees in the background .
a woman with black hair and a weird outfit on .
a boy wearing blue short standing on the traffic signal pole .
two older men are wearing outdoor clothing while using binocular devices .
a woman wearing a green headscarf laughs while a woman in the background paddles a boat .
a boy prepares to play some basketball while listening to his favorite music .
a woman in a black dress and hat rides a unicycle in front of a crowd .
a man giving a speech in front of a crowd .
an umpire and a catcher diligently wait for the batter 's  next missed ball .
a policeman hugging a woman on the street .
a group of older people playing a variety of instruments while sitting at a table .
two men working together to carve ice sculpture .
"a group of people , at the beach , on a sunny day ."
a cricket player winds up to pitch the ball .
a man in jean overalls holds onto the leads of a horse hooked onto a pulling system with another horse .
a bearded man talks on the phone while looking content .
"singer avril lavigne is crouched on one knee , holding a microphone ."
"a crowd of bicyclists rides down a street , with onlookers on either side ."
a football team in maroon jerseys takes the field while cheerleaders cheer them on .
players at football game gather around referee in preparation for action .
two cyclists competing in a road race being urged on by the crowd lining the racecourse .
a man is playing frisbee in the park .
the woman is holding a grocery bag as several children look into it .
two competitive cyclists ride through a corridor .
a man on the street making a painting from a photo .
two men working in a bicycle shop .
the worker concentrates on his task as a gardener as he trims the hedges with care .
a cook works hard as he takes food out of the oven .
"a woman is playing for the usa volleyball team , spiking the ball over the net ."
young men are watching a woman walk down stairs .
four men playing golf on the putting green of a hole on a sunny day .
brightly colored kayaks carrying two people each are paddled down a tree lined river .
a man wearing a bathing cap and goggles is swimming in a river .
a man shooting a bow and arrow at a target .
colorful yellow seats with a sparse crowd line up behind four soccer players trying to go after a ball .
fast bicycle race in a foreign country .
a motocross racer in green rounds a corner and stirs up dirt for the crowd .
bikers compete in a long winded endurance test .
a bicycle rider in a race being followed by a police officer on a motorcycle .
a woman singing into a microphone .
a man in a blue hat and an apron carving wooden figurines .
a blue restaurant that sits in the water .
1 man singing and 1 man playing a saxophone in a concert .
a surfer in midair on his board in the ocean .
a professional soccer player in light blue is challenging another soccer player in blue and red stripes for the ball .
five ladies dressed in vibrant colors having fun dancing .
"a bike rider , in full protective gear , is suspended in midair above a field of dirt and grass ."
a woman with long hair walking through a meadow
a group of people on a green field are jumping up and down .
dirty blond man with tattoos is playing a guitar .
"a volleyball game where to two boys that are in trying for the ball , for their team ."
a group of guys set together having a good time while enjoying a drink .
a biker in a white helmet is riding on top of some sand by a fence .
"a baseball player , with the catcher and umpire shown behind him , is about to hit the ball ."
new york yankee 's  baseball player hitting a baseball a home plate .
people gather at a vintage ice cream truck to receive traditional ice cream .
a young female african american child sitting on a swing with both arms holding the chains on the swing .
two girls hugging in front of a giant american flag .
the bicyclists approached the left turn in a pack during the race .
a blond volleyball player reaches up to hit the ball .
"several soccer players stand by in a brown , grassy , rural field with a building in the background ."
one man kite surfing in the ocean .
a girls volleyball game in which one team is wearing predominantly white shirts and the other is wearing green shirts .
a female hitting a volleyball with two hands .
two volleyball players against the net trying to block a shot from the other team .
a female volleyball player sets the ball .
a group of teenage boys in yellow and blue football uniforms are being sprayed with water .
a street worker wearing bright orange safety gear picks up trash along the street .
a white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is quickly approaching the goal box .
a man running down a crowd lined street in a marathon .
a grand master and students in a martial arts class bow towards each other in a gesture of respect for each other and the sacred art .
marathon runner izabella running while being followed by a crowd of people in costumes .
"a scene from a competitive marathon , including several participants , down a crowd-lined city street ."
a man drives a vintage race car around the track .
a woman in a hairnet looks at a sample under a microscope .
a young boy in a gown mixing paint with odd colored pants .
members of the baltimore orioles celebrating after a win .
four football players walk across a field holding their helmets above their head .
a man putting on some shorts in a room with some other people .
high school football player scooping up a fumble .
a person riding a surfboard on a big wave .
a group of young men are playing basketball outdoors .
bearded black dressed male performer is displaying his skill by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs .
yellow uniformed football players watching their teammate kick off .
"two football teams , one in yellow and white , the other in blue and white , play football ."
a man in a yellow shirt is running in a race .
"children , some in red and some in neon yellow , are playing soccer ."
a hockey player attempting to score a goal
a group of girls in blue and white uniforms are in a circle and raising their hands .
veteran rocker is performing a tribute in the deadly hot sun .
one young man is holding a hammer above a scared young man while another watches .
"two soccer players , one wearing red and one wearing blue , playing soccer against each other ."
it looks as though the player in burgundy just kicked the soccer ball over #5 's  head .
a runner is caught running in the middle of a race .
a little kid with food all over her face in a highchair .
"at the crowded outdoor venue , a singer gestures to the fans ."
"four men are playing soccer , two in white jerseys , one in a red jersey and a goalie in the background ."
three quarterbacks warming up before the game .
two young stylish people walk enthusiastically down a city street at night .
a bmx cyclist is doing a stunt on a riverbank across the river from a factory .
a black lady in traditional dress with a basket balanced on her head walking down a beach crowded with sunbathers .
hockey goalie in red jersey ready to block a shot .
the football player in brown is running with the ball from the players in white .
four children in a fake egg having fun .
a man is riding a motorbike and is being watched by a crowd .
a man is performing a trick on a water board .
a woman dressed in a gray shirt playing a horse racing game .
children and adults rollers skate in a skate park .
a man in a denim jacket and sandals fixing his bicycle .
two men are practicing dance moves while a lady takes a photo .
two young girls write with chalk near a body of water .
this is a young guy reaching for a falcon on a perch .
"an asian man wearing silver armor over tan clothes underneath , holding a weapon aloft in his right hand mounted on a horse which is also adorned with silver armor ."
repairing the roof of a school on the coastline .
a little girl smiles as she wears a white bowl on the top of her head .
a man with his hats put on sideways is using a microphone .
a man wearing a wife-beater sings into a microphone as a blue light shines on him .
a number of men ride elephants through a muddy river .
a man in a blue jersey is crossing home plate at a baseball game .
people are watching a jockey ride a horse .
a horse and jockey dash across a river with a bridge full of observers in the background .
"a woman is on horseback , jumping over a wall made of twigs and metal ."
a roller-skating woman in red and black socks and a black shirt is elbowing another skater out of her way .
band plays on stage with weezer symbol in the background .
a woman slowly designs a bowl with her hands with a clay spinner .
a cameraman is filming another man in a green shirt on a beach .
a woman wearing a brown shirt looks through a microscope while others are standing next to her .
a young woman looks into a microscope .
"a person of asian descent is wearing a blue and black warrior-like outfit , and people are in the background ."
two people taking pictures and looking at a beautiful scene by the water .
two police officers stand on the sidewalk as the occupant of the car looks at them .
man sitting atop oil rig on machine working .
three people are riding longboards down a hill in full leather suits and helmets .
a group of people are on a work boat that is in the water .
"a group of seven individuals wearing rafting gear , white water raft down a river ."
women on a swing ride at an amusement park .
a woman is playing the violin and singing at the same time while sitting in a chair .
a little girl is brushing her teeth .
several men climbing a pole as a crowd watches them .
two secretaries are conversing at the front desk in a hotel .
a young boy chases a soccer ball that is in bouncing away from him .
a defensive football player attempts tackling an offensive football player holding a football .
a man in a gray shirt adds grout to tile .
a skateboarder does a trick at a skate park .
"a man wave surfing high in the air , out in the ocean ."
a runner hurdles over an obstacle .
a track and field athlete running on a red track in an urban city with many spectators watching .
an athlete is jumping over a hurdle .
a male biker jumping a ramp in a contest or crossing the finish line .
"three men are working on a bicycle , which has been positioned upside down ."
"a person , crouching on a surfboard , is surfing in a body of water ."
a man wearing a blue uniform working on mechanics .
a dark-haired boy wearing a green t-shirt plays in a water fountain while two other people watch him .
several workers standing on and around a ladder .
three men wearing hard hats and safety gear are on a boat and a bridge is in the background .
children in a classroom with stuffed animals .
2 people engaged in samurai style combat in a gymnasium .
"a man enjoying the day by the water , waiting to give out balloons ."
a woman in a black shirt sits in front of a very large piece of art in a huge room .
a mountain biker hops over an obstacle .
a man is standing up and spinning a piece of pottery on his pottery wheel .
a man in black is standing outside a museum and pointing to it .
a referee raises the hand of a wrestler wearing green while a wrestler wearing blue looks on .
two girls in bikinis playing a volleyball on the beach
a small green car with the number 63 on the door races on a track .
two men in protective gear are sawing through metal .
military men in white uniforms are standing side by side .
an official consults with a competitor at a martial arts event .
"in this picture , two girls are doing karate ."
"little boy in jeans , red striped shirt and sneakers , sitting on tree branch ."
a woman in a black shirt and khaki pants sits on the floor pulling on brown high-heeled boots over pink and red socks with hearts on them .
an old man is sewing clothing on a sidewalk .
"a man dressed in a long-sleeved , button up blue shirt , and a black and silver baseball cap is holding a phone to his ear ."
a racer celebrates his victory by holding is trophy and being showered by champagne .
a dog jumping high into the air in the country .
orange motorcycle racing around a bend in a racetrack .
a person places uncooked hamburger patties on a charcoal grill .
a man with glasses holding a statue 's  tail .
a crowd cheering and passing streamers in a stadium while a blue flag waves .
two women dressed in black are leaning backwards on tables of white .
"during a rugby match , players from both sides race for the loose ball as teammates look on ."
"a guy with a black helmet , riding a mountain bike ."
a man attempts to ski on the one last patch of snow left on the hill .
two people are wearing helmets and sunglasses on a sunny day .
a little boy is climbing on the monkey bars at a playground .
a man stands in a church while people around him watch .
a man climbing a cliff with a forest in the background .
a mother helps her daughter dress for a special occasion
"three people on bikes on a dirty hill , one is in the air ."
two boys jumping and getting air over a ravine with mountain bikes .
two men are sitting on a white couch in a white room using separate laptops .
two cars involved in racing are running very close .
soccer players on a field with a ball going into the net .
a man riding a skateboard up an inclined ramp .
a man in a beige suit is sitting at a wooden table with five children and drawing pictures .
two people competing in a fencing competition .
an elderly man with a beard in a dark suit is walking through a rainy city .
a woman with short blond-hair is trying to fix her hair
a baby is chewing on his fingers while wearing a blue striped outfit .
local electric worker stringing up some wiring .
a young blond-haired man laughs as he takes off his shirt in a public setting as spectators look on .
a woman is using a cheese grater .
"two men standing on a medium sized fishing boat in the ocean , as the sun sets behind them ."
five children are on a soccer court headed towards the goal .
a man in a yellow jumpsuit is standing on a podium accepting a trophy next to a man in a red and with jumpsuit .
a brightly dressed child is walking in a lake .
"young punk rock guitarist , wearing a red lined jacket with a badge , is in front of foggy blue and purple lighting ."
a man making balloon and enjoy .
a young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on .
an elderly woman is using a spinning wheel to create fabric .
a man is taking on the role of dealer and is sitting at a card table .
little girl wearing a purple hat sitting under a shopping cart in a grocery store .
five young children are engaged in a game of soccer .
two people are on a boat in water .
a man riding a bicycle in a field .
a man is walking across a soccer field dressed in red and white .
television cameras set up to record an even at a theater .
a baby is getting his teeth brushed .
two men dressed in red bull merchandise are celebrating by opening drinks together at an event .
a man and woman holding hands in front of a lake .
a person wearing a wetsuit rides a jet ski into a wave .
three guys in red uniforms celebrating a goal in a soccer game .
a man in a red helmet rollerblades near the beach with two dogs on a leash .
"a man operating a jet-ski does a flip in the water , and is seen upside down ."
"a person , in a kitchen , is holding an egg on top of a bowl with rice in it ."
four young boys playing soccer and chasing a white and red soccer ball .
a man and a woman smiling while watching someone prepare creme brulee dessert in front of them .
a person in scuba gear poses in front of a vast expanse of water .
a blond girl wearing a black and white boa poses for the camera at a very crowded venue .
a boy is leaning against a brick wall near some trees .
a man riding a red and white bike on sunny day .
an older man is tending to a garden .
a scientist in a lab coat is using a microscope .
a group of girls stand in a football field and pose for the camera .
a man dressed in a black and gold over coat rides a black and white horse .
some football players on the sidelines watching their fellow a teammates start a play .
a football player prepares to toss the football as the rest of his team watches .
rollerskaters battle it out on the concrete .
"two teams of men , one team in blue and the other in camouflage uniform are skating ."
two people are competing in a motorcycle race .
an elderly gentleman attempting repairs on an inverted bicycle next too a silver vehicle .
a girl 's  volleyball team is having a game .
"the pretty lady in white is ballet dancing in front of a large , beautiful fountain ."
young female volleyball team stand on the sidelines to prepare .
beautiful dancer in a red skirt and she is striking a pose with her legs in the air .
three children writing intently in a classroom .
two women sitting on a black sofa with clothes and a purse in between them .
a couple standing in the outdoors embracing and looking over the land .
a few people are in a classroom standing in the back of the room while one sits at a desk .
two women admire the suspension bridge from the side .
a football player is attempting to tackle a player on the opposing team who is running with the ball .
2 young boys in peewee football game
a young red-haired woman uses a scope to scout out shooting targets on a gun range .
an ohio state team mascot performs on the field .
two toddlers a boy and girl are coloring at the table with their crayola crayons and some paper .
a sailing boat with many people sails on water .
a man in a green jersey and rollerskates stumbles as a man in a black jersey appears to collide with him .
two young children dressed as spider man are going down a slide .
a female swimmer coming up for air as she does the butterfly stroke .
a group of female swimmers dive into a swimming pool .
"photojournalist on a motorcycle , following marathon runners , one wearing a green shirt and shoes , the other fluorescent orange with blue shoes ."
a very fit woman runs with foliage in the background .
a performer is jumping off the stage into a crowd of fans .
"two people , a man and a woman , are sitting outside ."
a lady in a red shirt with red-hair laugh while throwing a pillow over her left shoulder .
a young man in s green and white striped shirt playing roller hockey .
a man in orange and white rides his mountain bike through a forest .
a red squirrel on a tree branch with yellow leaves in the background .
a child looks through a microscope while and adult stands at the edge of a table .
"a couple , wearing black , burgundy , and white , dance ."
"a military surgical team , one in camouflage , is performing an operation in a field hospital ."
"two teams , one wearing black uniforms and one wearing blue striped uniforms are running down a sports field ."
a little boy with brown hair and a sweater is smiling mischievously by some flowers and plants .
a woman wearing a blue skirt is on a walkway looking at a body of water .
a football ceremony in a crowded stadium with the team preparing to bow and take pictures .
two athletes are fencing at a fencing competition .
two men battling each other in fencing .
two people fence and one loses his shoe .
a man wearing brown pants and a striped t-shirt juggling 3 white pins .
a male lab worker with glasses is examining something using a microscope .
a water polo event takes place with a yellow ball in a swimming pool .
a boy wearing safety glasses uses a soldering iron on a piece of electronics .
a person on a bicycle is riding on a dirt road in the woods .
a male snowboarder catches some air and does a trick .
a child is playing on the beach splashing water everywhere .
a woman is at a gym exercising on a treadmill .
a man lifts up a woman in a pink dress during a dance at a performance .
a photographer capturing a skateboarder mid trick .
a young boy with blue hair and large blue eyes brushes his teeth
a group of people stand on a moving sidewalk .
"ready and set as two hockey players on the ice wait with sticks out in front of them , anticipating the puck ."
crowds seem to appreciate the effort of the boys on stage .
a pitcher just got done throwing the ball towards the batter on a baseball field .
a baseball pitcher throws a ball .
two men posing for a picture while getting ready to have a drink .
a baseball player is throwing a pitch from the mound .
"a black , red , and white race car zooms by on a gray track with a blue border , sharply in focus compared to a blurred crowd in the foreground ."
"people are eating at a restaurant , some are eating while others are ordering ."
a woman and a young man laughing in a bedroom .
a kerchief-wearing man is sweeping debris at an event .
"a boys soccer game is taking place , and one boy in a white jersey is kicking the ball ."
a man is blowing into a long pipe
"there are two kilted men , one of them older and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drum ."
a group of men wearing kilts throwing a long wooden stick .
"a man in a black shirt and green plaid kilt throws a long wooden spear , as several men spectate from the sidelines ."
a woman in oriental clothes poses on a green mat .
several men cycling down a hallway in an event on a sunny day .
people riding their bikes in a race .
a race car zips by on the racetrack .
a bicyclist is pushing hard to complete a race .
"two swimmers in the water , each in his own lane , gathering a breath mid-stroke ."
a man sweeping the stairs down from his house .
"adolescent white man with black hair , black pants , and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone ."
a gymnast is wearing a leotard and doing a handstand .
a tennis player is hitting a tennis ball with all his might .
marathon runner focused on the run .
a group of women are running in a competition .
"a white , male , professional biker riding on the countryside ."
a woman sitting on a piece of cloth surrounded by dirt and is working on a piece of cloth
three male friends in shorts stand together having a conversation .
a performance is being put on by many girls in white .
a marathon runner jogs past pedestrians and portable toilets .
a young adult reads a book at the laundromat as he waits for his laundry to be done .
kenyan female running in a marathon .
a male wearing a hat is skateboarding in front of a graffiti covered wall .
"several women running in a race , while the crowd looks on ."
the houston texans quarterback holds a football against the minnesota vikings while his running back moves towards the ball .
two soccer referees wait on benches with trees in the background .
a football coach wearing a white shirt and black visor has his arm around one of his players on the sidelines .
two players face each other during a nighttime football game .
a man in a blue swimsuit jumps from a cliff into the water while another man watches .
the young child sits upon the rocks at the park .
two men boxing in a boxing match in a ring one has red shorts the other one has white shorts both in fighting stanza .
the red team chases the ball during the girls' soccer game .
woman in blue shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball .
a couple are kissing while someone takes a photo of them .
a woman in a green shirt holding a cigarette spreads her arms apart in a gesture .
the three field hockey players dressed in orange make for the ball .
a man in a cap kneels down and bends forward to examine a chainsaw .
group of ballerinas in white tutus get ready to dance
aggressive actions are happening by the goal in this hockey game .
two people are playing water volleyball and one teammate is bracing another .
"in the kitchen of a fancy restaurant , a fine dish has been prepared by the staff ."
a woman selling food items by the roadside .
two women competing in martial arts event at a gym .
two boys in karate uniforms are sparring on a padded mat .
a woman is wearing a red see through fabric over her head .
several people walking down the sidewalk carrying stuff to their next destination .
a girl wearing blue pants and a shirt with a hood is seen flying up above nearly two feet from the ground holding a glass which she has removed from the dishwasher .
a woman with bucket cleaning a public seating area .
a boy throws an object in front of a glass building .
a man in a kayak resting on top of a diving board .
a young man in his boxers making a funny face and putting his jeans on .
an older man is skydiving .
"two men playing hockey , with one on the ground and the other spraying him with ice ."
mr. soccer player of the green team attempts a shot .
"a man wearing blue , holding two fishing poles with one pointing upward and the other one in the water with fish being caught ."
a woman is jumping in the air on a tree-lined trail on an autumn day .
"three men playing football where one guy wearing a red uniform is holding the football , the second guy wearing a red uniform and the third guy wearing a white uniform ."
a texas a&amp;m football player running with the ball .
"there is a group of nine young women wearing long black dresses holding folders , standing on metal bleachers and singing in front of a group of people ."
these two men are going for the ball at a soccer match .
one man in a dress dances as another man stands by a ladder and faces the other way .
texas a&amp;m 's  ryan tannehill is nearly sacked by an iowa state player .
a cross guard helps people get across the street .
"a husky women with a red hat , directs traffic ."
a man in blue with his mouth open beside a medical apparatus .
"an old man , sweating , holds his face in his hand ."
a few men running a marathon with a crowd cheering them on .
a woman on a bike racing .
a middle-aged man is appalled as someone wants him to try a skewer with some odd fish on it .
a man is working out in the outdoors .
a football team 's  player in the blue and gold uniform is running down the 30 yard line towards the end zone .
a man dressed all in pink rides a bicycle in a race .
a woman wearing white pulls blocks of cheese off of a conveyor .
the man in a red shirt is being lifted by his teammates .
a caucasian boy in yellow and african-american girl in purple are by orange lockers .
several men in green and red uniforms are playing soccer .
one woman is riding a bicycle in the foreground with other bicyclists in the background .
man is determined to bike his way to the finish !
"the university of iowa 's  hawkeyes football team , scores a goal in the end zone against the michigan state spartans ."
a very cute ring bearer is reluctantly being kissed by the flower girl .
"a black girl in a purple jacket is looking at a book , as she sits on a colorful chair ."
two soccer players fall to the ground near the ball .
a black and white dog jumping out of the water and a brown dog shaking off .
"a man , walking his pomeranian , is giving a biker directions ."
a dinner party is occurring with numerous people who are all wearing crowns and eating food at a candle lit dining room .
"a pro cyclist in blue , yellow and white biking clothes ."
two females are in a chemistry classroom; one is pouring a solution into a beaker .
hopefully when i mix these i 'll still have eyebrows .
a group of young high school or college students are smiling while performing a science experiment involving beakers and the transfer of liquids
a scientist really deep into his experiment .
a large woman with a pink feather boa strolls down the sidewalk .
a man is climbing a boulder over a body of water .
shirtless young man rock climbing up the face of cliff looking for the next handhold .
a man is carrying many large bags that are hooked onto a pole .
a male runner in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track .
a young man being awarded a medal and it being hung around his neck .
a person in a rainbow colored snowsuit is snowboarding down a snowy slope .
a man singing and playing acoustic guitar in a public area .
three cricket players are in action on a very green field with palm trees in the background .
two men in black celebrating on a tennis court opposite two men in white .
a young women sits in front of her computer and tries to study the fine print on a paper with the aid of a doctor 's  spotlight attached to her head .
teacher in front of class reading a book aloud to elementary school children .
three people stand with fishing poles on the rocks near the water .
a man wearing jersey number 39 is playing hockey .
a group of people taking pictures on a walkway in front of a large body of water .
a runner splashes through a big puddle in the forest .
"two men sit on top of a weathered fort-like structure next to the sea , fishing ."
a boy is playing soccer on a playground .
a guy without a shirt on climbing up the side of a rock .
two men are trying to align their telescope that is positioned in a field .
"a young asian boy , wearing pajamas , is seated on the floor by the bed watching an insect made of legos ."
an event takes place at a japanese temple .
"a basketball player hangs from a basketball hoop by his feet , laughing and talking to a referee in front of a crowd ."
a man waterskiing and being splashed by the water .
this man in the kayak is think this kayak is way too small for him .
workers moving bricks from a white and green truck .
a small brick alley with a man walking at the end
a shirtless man lies on the street .
a female swimmer with goggles and a cap does the backstroke .
aaron rodgers smiles at donald driver standing in the end zone .
"a man dressed in athletic gear and sunglasses sits in a boat , paddling with a large oar ."
a young man in the street doing a skateboard trick .
"a smiling girl is wearing a speedo swimming suit , goggles and cap with her hands on her forehead ."
four ladies and one man practicing music in a living room .
a blond headed lady is walking in front of a group of three people .
a blond tennis player in action on a grass court .
two people are working at a coffee shop
a woman is reading a newspaper on the subway .
a person is catching a wave on a surfboard in the ocean on a clear sunny day .
two boys play with large sticks in the yard .
a man walking on boards while holding onto a large ladder leaning against a house .
a man is trying to grab his ladder standing on scaffolding .
latino man holding sign on the sidewalk outside promoting quiznos-subs .
a male and female team of rollerskaters are in costume and performing in a competition .
a man reads the paper on a deck under some trees .
a cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne .
a dirt-bike racer taking a hard turn on a dirt course with one onlooker in the background .
a man is riding a tiny motorcycle through a busy market .
a man wearing yellow smiles to the camera as he poses with a turkey coming out of the oven .
panel representatives sitting on a stage in an auditorium .
a group of people in yellow and black uniforms performing in front of a large crowd .
a demonstration in the middle of a crowded airport .
a little girl in a white sundress smiles and slides down a blue slide .
a man and a dog are playing tug-of-war .
four young boys line up at the starting line to run a race
a group of female athletes are huddled together and excited .
a woman feeds cake to an elderly man at a wedding celebration .
a late night food stand takes the customers order .
girl in the kitchen mixing batter in a bowl for waffles .
a man skateboarding in the street with his arms raised .
an male in a white t-shirt and denim shorts skateboarding down a path .
a woman with a red shirt and goggles on operates an orange drill .
a mountain bike racer on a dirt road during a race
this man is working with an i-pad .
a brown dog and a white dog are running across a stony hillock .
three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch
one blue team and one white team are competing to win a sports game .
man in black shirt and brown-haired woman sniffing contents of bottle .
a group of people are standing around eating as a man in a white jacket points his finger .
a group of people playing music in public on unique instruments .
a basketball player prepares to throw the ball in a game at the school gym .
"a person wearing a pink shirt , riding a bike on a dirt trail ."
three mariachi band members play in a grass yard .
a construction worker helps align the cement plate on the road .
a little brown-haired girl up in a tree .
a person on a bicycle jumping over a dirt hill .
a young boy on rollerskates jumps over a blue barrel .
the children with santa hats are happily dancing around the christmas tree .
"a snowboarder is grinding on a rail in a snowy , mountainous area ."
"three people , two men and one woman are riding in a boat ."
"a driver in racing gear and a helmet is driving a sleek , blue motorcycle ."
a man on a yellow and green surfboard near shore .
a man hammering a nail on a piece of wood in bare feet .
two researchers are looking into a microscope surrounded by complex machinery .
a man with long curly hair grimacing as a man uses a clipper on his beard .
men brushing ice to move the weight to the target .
a group of divers rescue a man in the water .
two individuals enjoying a practice of an unidentified sliding game .
three people on a hockey ring playing some form of game .
a man with a yellow-green jersey kicking a soccer ball .
a group of young men dressed in purple are preparing to catch a fellow teammate .
a pitcher standing at the mound is making a throw .
"a man , in mid-swing , playing cricket wearing a complete cricket uniform at a sports club ."
a little girl is helped with her toys .
a person in a santa outfit is greeting children outside a building while the parents watch on .
two seniors and a woman set a table .
a light-blue shirted athlete gets ready to receive the pass in the midst of his gray shirted opponents .
a woman is running a marathon in a park .
a man is riding a bmx bike with a forest in the background .
a biker is riding a bike in the forest .
"while playing soccer , a man in yellow starts to fall , while a man in white trips over him , stepping on his ankle in the process ."
man posing for a picture with his girlfriend .
"a basketball player dressed in white watches his opponent , who is dressed in black , dribble a basketball down the court during a game with spectators ."
"a person rollerskating while wearing knee-pads , helmet , and wrist-guards ."
a girl with a number 3 on her shirt is walking across a gymnasium floor .
two young people engage in a friendly snowball fight .
a man is lying down next to a river and smoking a cigarette .
the man dressed in running clothes walks along the street .
boat on the waters of vienna being rowed by men wearing striped shirts .
a man sleeps outside using his bookbag as a pillow .
a man wearing a white shirt and blue shorts is leaning over a canoe at the end of a dock .
a group of people standing over a table .
a younger couple sitting closely to one another while enjoying a 3d flick .
commentators and broadcasters at there both in an arena before the game .
"penn state basketball player , number 11 shoot for the basket with ball just leaving his fingertips ."
"a person with short blond-hair and glasses looks confused , while standing in front of many portraits ."
two teams of men are playing basketball on a court in an empty stadium .
5 basketball players trying to get the ball .
basketball players playing in front of a small audience
a woman and child are sitting on a log washing clothes .
a young boy is sitting on a beach filling a water bottle with sand .
two children play jenga on a wooden floor .
one man is performing a martial arts move on another man in a gymnasium .
a quarterback passes a football during an nfl game .
"skateboarder jumps off a 5 ft cliff , performing a stunt ."
a biker is fixing his tire on a sunny day
two women with black dresses and red tops are standing next to a fence smiling .
"two ladies , seen from behind , one looking through a coin-operated telescope"
spectators sit in the audience at a hockey game while a photographer takes pictures from a box in between the opposing teams .
performers in bright costumes and masks stand before an asian crowd .
an individual in black and white clothing and a mask is in the foreground of a group of children .
a lonely man sits in a harbor playing the accordion .
"a young girl , wearing her team uniform , is preparing to hit a ball , as another girl watches ."
a man actively surfing a wave .
a surfer in a wetsuit catches a nice wave to ride .
a man snowboarding down a hill .
a male riding a blue jet ski is airborne after going over a wave in the ocean .
two black and white dogs are playing together outside .
"two very young children , with paint marks on them , paint a very red and yellow canvas ."
a man riding a black snowboard jumps as people in the background look on .
a man in a green shirt and black shorts has jumped into the air and is about to throw a red and white ball .
two young men in a martial arts ring participate for a crowd .
an asian kickboxer is in the middle of kicking his opponent in the ring at a mohegan sun casino .
five photographers take pictures while one works on their equipment .
a young snowboarder catches some air on his black snowboard .
a group of men playing an outdoor sport .
a gymnast is balancing between two rails using one arm and his legs are in the air .
"two men , one dressed in blue shirt and pants and one dressed in purple shirt and black pants are creating pottery ."
a young woman playing guitar and singing on a stage .
a surfer in a wetsuit rides a wave .
a woman dressed in black and a man dressed in white are pushing a garbage can .
a male standing in the mountains holding a gun .
"an asian man in a jacket , glasses , and sandals is at a high altitude aiming a gun ."
a girl with brown hair setting up a light for a show .
a young girl wearing a bathing suit and goggles sits and waits .
three men conversing on a bench in a museum .
"a man and a woman are standing next to sculptures , talking while another man looks at other sculptures ."
a football player wearing black attempts to tackle a football player wearing white .
an old gentleman plays music on the street for money with a young boy by his side .
four workmen in hard hats stand together at a work site .
three girls jump into the air with expressions of excitement .
two women stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays
there are four kids practicing what appears to be karate .
"a guy holding his laundry against the wall , while talking on his cellphone ."
two soccer teams on a field one team dressed in blue an white the other dressed in white and blue .
two guys are having a lunch of sandwiches and chips .
man with green hat and white shirt having tea with a man wearing a black hooded jacket and glasses .
a man in a hat and an apron works on a bicycle .
a young girl in her swimsuit is getting ready to compete .
a rider stands for a moment above his dirk bike .
a man lays in the snow while a girl stands next to him .
a young man dunks a basketball .
an african american carving images into a plank of wood .
5 children japanese with bows practicing in front of sensei .
a group of caucasian people are singing and holding music books to help guide them .
indian women playing musical chairs with white woman .
"two male musicians on stage , wearing t-shirts and one is playing the guitar , the other is singing ."
an orchestra is playing at an outdoor venue .
a bunch of kids in a classroom not doing any work .
the group of people are assembling for a wedding .
a woman kissing the cheek of a young boy in a black sleeveless t-shirt .
a young lady smiling in a pool .
the intensity of a moment during an ice hockey game .
two men are playing professional hockey
a woman wearing a bikini swims underwater .
a young boy eating chocolate ice cream with a spoon .
"children in a classroom are lined up with their hands on each other 's  backs , forming a train ."
a smiling woman in red pops the cork of a bottle with a boy looking on .
a little girl is on a playground swing while a redheaded man in a green sweatshirt stands by .
a woman wearing a white blouse is getting a portrait done of her .
a girl is pointing to a spot on a map in a park .
"a girl in a bathing suit , swim cap and goggles ."
a family looking out a window watching crowds of people holding umbrellas in the daylight .
two men perform music on the street in front of a brick building .
a man with braided hair and a beard is standing in front of a building and is talking or singing into a microphone .
a church choir is performing a christmas carol while a projector in the background displays the lyrics .
a volleyball game and a man in yellow and blue uniform spiked the ball over the net past three defenders in red uniforms .
two young men are running through the grass in the fall .
a little girl cuddles a kitten while she looks at christmas presents and an older woman looks on .
a person wearing a blue shirt and khaki pants climbing in a tree .
looking through the window of an asian barber shop while a few customers have their haircut .
a handball player prepares to throw in a sea of defenders .
one man in a red sweatshirt skateboarding while a man in a blue sweatshirt films him .
shoppers look for christmas gifts at harrod 's  department store .
a woman in a black swimming suit is holding onto the edge of a in ground pool .
a woman in a bathing suit exits a pool .
four women sitting on green outdoor furniture on a patio with a small doghouse in the backdrop .
a crowd of young people sit on the grass .
"adults and children are enjoying the pool , some are in the pool and some are sitting around the pool in lounge chairs ."
group of men begin a foot race .
an older male is playing a guitar on a wheelchair in a city street .
two cops are sitting on an obnoxiously yellow motorcycle
a man and a woman dressed in semi-formal attire show faces of excitement looking over a table with jenga blocks scattered over it .
a soccer group in green and white dress having a group picture taken .
"as a goalie in a yellow jersey looks up in the distance , a player from the opposing team in a green jersey on his hands and knees has his face in the grass ."
two musicians are playing music in a barn .
a child in a city square staring out a few large floating bubbles .
female visitor reading map describing the waterway standing before her .
a black-haired woman is using her makeup brush on another woman while holding her pinky up .
a bride holds her bouquet and gazes back at the crowd .
a bride holding a bouquet of flowers is standing next to a man in a tuxedo .
a bride gets out of her car in her white wedding dress .
a bmx bike rider in red clothing and a helmet is riding his bike next to a wooden fence .
a band plays while the audience watches them on stage .
a young girl in blue pants and a multicolored striped shirt is jumping in midair .
a teacher and her assistant are helping a group of toddlers with singing or exercising .
"there are two kids dressed in their white karate suits , standing looking at something or someone ."
"four people stand in the water looking at a jet ski , while a man fishes nearby ."
a person on a bike covered in mud from head to toe .
a skier goes down a slope .
a smiling baby is sitting in a white baby bouncer surrounded by toys .
a trio of musicians playing in a bar .
the boy in gray is taking pictures of his friend in the striped sweatshirt doing tricks on his skateboard .
a young man performs a skateboard trick over some stairs .
a man in a blue shirt fixing a bicycle in a yellow room .
a dog jumps to catch a red ball outside .
a black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass .
a small dog tries to catch a red ball .
two muddy athletes from opposing teams going head to head in a game of rugby while fans watch expectantly .
two people kayaking on the huge open water .
a child wearing a straw hat with a blue band drinking out of a pink cup .
on the corner you will find a lady sitting on her bags spraying the crown with water as they walk by .
a young woman jumps as high as she can to prove a point to her friends .
a child in a red coat in a snow fort .
a small dog is running behind a red ball thrown towards bushes .
the man is giving the other man a haircut
a man in a black sweater and red shirt plays the trumpet by a tree .
a young man is performing a jump on a skateboard while another young man photographs his stunt .
a man is standing center stage with a microphone as flames shoot upward behind him .
two hockey players are fighting over a goal using their pucks on ice ground .
a man in a hard hat is working near a dumpster .
a man in a dark blue car drives past some storage trailers .
a middle-aged male carpenter uses a drill press in a crowded workshop .
a older man inside a workshop wearing glasses .
a happy asian family poses for a holiday picture in front of the fireplace .
there are three children in sports uniforms on a soccer field .
competing girls volleyball players attempt to control the ball in midair .
a man is standing in a field with a green plant in it .
a man stands outside by himself beside some old buildings and a brick street .
men dressed in red and white playing musical instruments .
a group of people wearing blue and white dishdashas all riding orange bicycles .
a person playing with a rock next to some dirty water .
"someone dressed as santa , mrs. claus , and two other people are riding in santa 's  sleigh , pulled by a horse , through a snow covered city ."
guy in jeans skateboarding in the middle of the night a warehouse .
two people go parasailing on the ocean with a beautiful scenic view in the background .
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .
three men wearing white shirts are skateboarding on a road while a man and a woman take pictures from either side of the road .
a dj with sunglasses and a red shirt plays music .
an older man sits and looks at his computer screen with his face in his hands .
man on snowmobile launching up into the air .
"several people in sweat clothing lay together on a gymnasium floor , while a standing person grasps one of their legs ."
a woman wearing a blue and yellow bodysuit is riding a yellow bicycle .
a cyclist on his bicycle is wearing an orange and blue bodysuit advertising rabobank .
small child looking at a train set which is positioned within greenery .
"yellow , red , and blue flags fly in the sky as a diver extends fully in midair ."
a male street performer walking a tightrope .
"a man in black oxfords , jeans and a layered green over black shirt , jumps in front of a run down industrial building ."
a man and woman in a kitchen with plastic cups of wine or champagne .
two people in winter clothing and a dog are walking along a beach
a guy surfing in the ocean .
swimmer descending into water performing a flip while several women in background look on .
"three men have places first , second , and third in an event and are standing on podiums ."
three young girls are looking at a monitor as one of them points to the screen .
a man playing ping-pong while a child is watching .
a man with orange shorts and a blue cap is in a tree .
three hockey players in red jerseys are standing together holding hockey sticks .
a woman in black pants and a white shirt is rock climbing .
a group of young men are gathered under a tree .
an older woman with glasses is serving herself raclette in a rustic looking room .
three children are practicing karate .
"two people in a yellow kayak are coming toward a larger , white kayak on open water ."
an asian woman is cutting another woman 's  hair
a caucasian female hairdresser trims the hair of a young white man wearing a black drape cover .
a young woman drawing pictures on a white surface .
a man wearing a microphone and two teenagers study something in their hands .
a man who is cutting hair .
a woman in a green top is lifting a metal bowl off of the stove .
a group of people putting on layers of clothes for the cold winter .
"a woman bartender serving her customers with a smile , a dancer is in the background ."
woman bartender preparing a drink with a pumpkin on the bar
a young boy is trying on underwear which are too large .
two people on a hockey field fighting .
a man wearing a helmet is jumping his bike down a staircase .
a man on a motorcycle surrounded by white sand .
a group of hikers are clustered together on gray rocky terrain bordering the bluish-white ice of a glacier .
a youth baseball player rounds third as the outfielders retrieve the ball at the fence .
young boy in a baseball uniform about to catch a baseball in his glove .
a man and women in orange on the floor scrubbing .
a crowd is watching two women dressed in traditional asian attire preparing to shoot arrows with their bows .
five men wearing hats are sitting in a circle playing various horn instruments .
"a little boy playing with a mop that is moving quickly , and has many toys in the background ."
a middle-aged hockey player swerving on the ice
"a young man cleans an animal , while two women look on from the background ."
a black and white dog jumping in a yard .
a basketball player in a white uniform is dribbling the basketball against a player in a black uniform .
two martial artists spar while a referee wearing a tie looks on .
a woman who is wearing a peach top and black jeans is bowling by herself .
young indian children are gathered around a laptop computer .
a woman is applying red fingernail polish to her nails .
there 's  a person wearing a black shirt and is playing bowling .
a blond-haired girl is standing in playing position in front of a bowling lane .
a young woman is painting an announcement and drawing on a front window .
a young man jumping off of a dock in front of a suburban american home .
hockey players play a game on the ice .
a crosscountry runner is running on a trail surrounded by grass and trees .
a group of bystanders view the eiffel tower from a balcony .
a man is bowling with various national flags displayed at the opposite end on the bowling alley .
two older asian people carrying a large basket of products that they harvested .
"two boys at play at a fun center , there are two women in the background laughing ."
a man is riding a wakeboard in the ocean .
"performing some bike maintenance , the lady lubricates a frame before assembly is completed ."
a man in a blue shirt is fixing a bicycle wheel .
an asian man in a striped yellow shirt and shorts carrying some kelp and wading through a flooded area .
a rock band playing a live concert .
a person wearing a helmet and dirt bike equipment rides a dirt bike over a hill .
a puppet show consisting of humans standing on tall sticks .
a little blond boy wearing a green winter jacket at the beach excitingly looking at the water .
a person wearing a hat is sweeping .
"two young boys in swim trunks wash a big , brown dog ."
a figure skater twirls on ice .
the boy takes his turn through the sprinkler and jumps with joy .
bicyclists ride along with traffic on a town road .
a woman wearing a sweatshirt and cap chats with a healthcare provider while receiving intravenous medicine .
a man wearing green and black is jumping through the air holding a ball .
a bicyclist is walking her bike through deep mud in a race .
a little african boy looks curiously at an adult white female .
two dark-skinned children staring while the people behind them mix dust in their floral clothing .
a man in a black and white uniform is playing ice hockey .
a man wearing a headset plays a unique instrument for a group of onlookers .
a man and a woman prepare a meal together in a restaurant kitchen .
"a black man with gray hair , a white shirt , and blue trousers is sleeping ."
a small child in yellow and purple is scooping pebbles and dirt into a bucket .
"a packed stadium at the 49ers football game , with troops spreading out a flag ."
several adults wearing yellow helmets and life vests are white water rafting .
a man with a turquoise vest and black pants sits down in front of a brick monument .
five people are falling in the sky with parachutes .
two african children with faced painted in orange are posing for a picture in front of a hut .
a man in a red shirt is rock climbing .
a woman scales a difficult rock face assisted by a rope .
the girl playing baseball is wearing blue and red on a baseball field .
a young cheerleader is performing with a her squad during a game .
a man in a cowboy hat is singing and playing a guitar .
a man wearing a dark blue t-shirt and blue jeans and a younger woman wearing a red flowered dress are dancing together .
a man and a woman dance while a crowd looks on .
a man and a woman dancing alone in the center of a crowd of people at a party .
a young woman skates on ice .
"two female ice skaters , one wearing dark blue bent upwards , and the other wearing light blue bent downwards ."
a barber is trimming a customer 's  mustache .
a man trying knock his golf ball that is stuck in a sand trap on a golf course .
an individual jumps over some dirt ramps on a black and red four-wheeler .
"a woman wearing a bright , flowery dress and a black top is sitting on the ground next to a building ."
a male is leaping above white water .
a snowboarder is flying in the air attempting to land on a snow mound .
a man in yellow pants is snowboarding .
a blond woman in a red t-shirt and a blur wristband sings into a microphone against a green background .
a person jumping high in the air on a snowboard .
"a motor-cross cyclist , dressed in full racing gear , is speeding over the top of a sand dune ."
a male teacher is instructing his class of young children .
six people in tank tops and helmets are rollerskating while two referees look on in the background .
a skier is in the middle of performing a midair trick .
a young girl is taking photographs of the view near forest areas while wearing a summer shirt .
a construction worker on a mechanical lift .
a young boy and an older man are using a drill on some type of object .
a young boy colors on small sheets of paper .
a little girl making arts and crafts with small umbrellas and corks .
children making crafts at a craft table with one adult .
"a child is doing an activity involving a circular disk with radiating lines on it ( in red and blue , a glue stick , and cut-out numbers ."
a small child is learning about electricity with wires .
an electronic device is being worked on by a woman .
a child is interacting with an electronics laboratory kit .
a man climes out of a hole in the ice up a wooden ladder .
"two teams playing hockey in a stadium , the team in yellow just scored a point ."
two hockey players one in yellow and one in white competing against each other to gain control of the hockey puck .
two players on a field fighting each other .
a man wearing glasses sits in the backseat of a car and plays a guitar while looking out the window .
a man jumping to make a basketball shot .
a group of men play basketball on a steel and chain link court .
one guy skiing down a mountain wearing a red ski suit .
a college basketball player rises for a jump shot while the opposing player attempts to block the shot .
a motocross rider wearing orange gear is turing a corner on the course .
two male hockey players from opposite teams are posed on the ice rink with their hockey sticks ready .
a young woman jumping her horse in competition near the ocean .
someone wearing rubber gloves cleans dishes in a metal sink .
a woman performs with two hula hoops for a crowd .
people are looking at pieces on display at a museum .
a boy in a red shirt is playing with toy boats .
a person wearing a blue backpack walks up a snow-covered hill .
three musicians who are playing to a seated crowd .
"a man wearing an extremely short necktie , suspenders , and brightly colored striped socks stands on a stage , doing something with a contraption involving objects which roll back and forth on strings ."
a man with snowshoes is running through the snow .
a hockey goalie is about to catch a puck .
no male construction workers in a work area in a city .
"two children , one wearing blue , the other wearing red , competing to get a ball in a game ."
high school basketball player making a jump shot with two players defending the basket .
"two ladies are sitting on something made of concrete , while enjoying a snack ."
a tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk .
"a little girl posing for the camera , all dressed up ."
a woman in a park holding a red umbrella jumping in the air .
a long-haired man is taking a photo of a beach .
"2 people , one in white , one in blue in a fighting match"
basketball player in the orange uniform attempts to block the shot of the player in the white uniform .
a gentleman in a white lab coat is peering into a microscope .
"people sit at a beach watching the water , with a man on a stand labeled pipe challenge ."
swans are gathering around a man and a boat .
"woman with glasses , plastic gloves , and a lab coat , puts drops in a test tube ."
a child drinks through a straw at his daycare .
chinese-american dressed children dressed in red uniforms are doing a cultural performance in a parade .
two female children are in a bath together .
a team of fierce canines vigorously haul a sled through snowy conditions .
a man is cutting dough into small square strips .
a scene during a hockey game where the goalie is trying to keep the other player from scoring .
a man wearing glasses holding a nearly empty plate .
two women playing softball while one wearing purple is sliding to base while the other wearing white is trying to catch a ball .
students practicing yoga in a class setting .
a man in a cluttered motorboat rows whilst his female passenger has a look of disappointment on her face .
a spanish looking woman carries a heavy red bag slouched over her shoulder .
a group of people are exercising in a yard and have their hands touching over their heads .
a guitarist is performing music on stage .
little boy attempting to help mom do dishes &amp; play in the bubbles .
"two men , one playing a horn and the other playing a sax on a dimly lit stage ."
two women dressed in red gypsy clothing dance around in the dark .
a blue race car is parked on the road .
violinist plays with the band as the yellow light sets the mood .
a mark up artist is powdering a female .
two people can be seen running on paths with trees between them .
this rodeo athlete is trying to ride this wild horse .
evening soccer game with one side about to score .
a young man in a red shirt gets his hair trimmed .
two people tread through the snow in an all terrain vehicle .
two guys in black jackets using and listening to a record player .
several men sit while banging on a bongo .
a little boy covers his face while facing drawers .
four guys in wheelchairs on a basketball court two are trying to grab a basketball in midair .
two firemen turning the water on in the hoses .
a rider is pulling a wheelie on a motorcycle .
two young boys dressed in snowsuits play in the snow .
a man in blue with a black and yellow vest spits fire at a renaissance fair .
two young boys have a conversation with one and other .
"boy with a blue shirt , playing in the street with a toy ."
ice skating race is going around a curve .
three hikers are hiking in a mountain filled with trees and snow .
four men running on a track inside .
athletes are running on an indoor track wear different colored shoes .
man on boat pulling a line from the water .
"a teenager in a blue hollister brand sweatshirt adjusts a  "" sky-watcher ""  telescope ."
surfer surfing in a beautiful with birds around and waves with beautiful texture
a team of boys plays basketball in a gym as one fan looks on .
three players participating in a team sport .
a boy with a black jacket and a blue hat is hugging a brown and white dog on a porch in the snow .
construction workers are working on a scene .
"four clowns , two male and two female , are walking down the street and waving ."
a boy is jumping a cement wall with a green skateboard .
one man is riding an orange skateboard at a skateboard park .
little girl playing dress up in room next to her toys .
tourist using the binoculars to get a better view of the serene ocean .
the players are in their daily routine workout .
a scuba diver ignores a group of blue and yellow fish as he explores the ocean .
three scuba divers communicating with one another .
"a man wearing a green shirt , standing on a pitcher 's  mound has just thrown a ball ."
a guy is examining something under a microscope while people watch .
a male in blue jeans and blue shirt working on some indoor seats .
five workers in orange outfits and blue helmets work on scaffolding .
"man in white karate uniform , flipping another person in a blue uniform with people looking on ."
two boys in a wrestling match .
an asian youth sitting on a wall with a skateboard on his lap .
a string quartet busking for a crowd on the street .
a man in a black leather jacket plays a saxophone .
a child stands upside down in a pool .
a little girl is brushing her teeth in front of a mirror in the bathroom .
a man holding a guitar sings .
a man juggles flaming objects with a fence and a car in the background .
a small dog playing tug with a larger dog
"overhead view of two people , a man and a woman , preparing a meal with potatoes ."
a man in a gray shirt playing violin .
a child in a green jacket is rolling a bowling ball toward the pins in his lane .
a little boy wearing a marvel shirt brushes his teeth .
an older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars .
a woman skier in a blue sweatshirt smiles atop a large hill .
a man wearing a large backpack is navigating his way through snow covered terrain .
two guys mounting a box on a railing .
a team of roller derby girls block the competition as they go for the win .
man dressed in snow gear goes crosscountry skiing .
young male soldiers in camouflage pants and helmets clean up debris outside a building .
a hockey player in uniform is sitting on a hockey court .
a shirtless man with a race placard on his butt is posing like a body-builder .
a boy jumps 5 stairs on a fold-up scooter .
lady with a white towel on her head selling at an open air marketplace .
a group of young men dressed in red walk past a tour bus .
a man in jeans and a button up shirt is presenting something on a projector screen .
two men are on a boat cleaning the water .
a bartender with a white shirt is pouring a glass of orange liquor .
person dressed in newspaper boy attire pouring drinks .
"a man in a striped shirt , vest , tie , and hat is serving himself punch from a large bowl ."
someone is dropping orange food coloring into a clear drink .
a bartender wearing a black button up shirt is pouring two beverages .
a bartender is shaking up a drink .
"two men , one in black and one in gray , are conducting a science experiment ."
a woman mixing drinks in a bar and posing for the camera .
"three people , two men and a female , pose for a picture with bottles of drinks and dressed in science gowns ."
an elderly man and woman are ready to maneuver a contraption .
a woman visiting some sort of conference creates a project on a ipad .
a man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers .
man in white and red tackling man in green shirt for the ball .
people are lined up to take a yellow bus .
three people on motorbikes are riding down on a dirt path .
"two surfers , one shirtless , ride a wave ."
a girl with a black winter jacket and brown boots is throwing snow over a fence around a canal or waterway .
a man in a hat and overalls is preparing a tasty dish .
a man on a city sidewalk in a coat playing a brass clarinet .
three friends share a coffee .
there are people sitting on a bus and the camera is focused on a man waving his hands at the camera .
"a group of people dressed in swimwear standing outside in a snowy , woodsy location ."
"2 hockey players in black gold and white , one has the puck with his stick and is skating ."
four women 's  hockey players scramble for a loose puck as it skips along the boards .
a person on a dirty 4 wheeler driving through the dirt .
a shirtless older man making a traditional indian street food dish .
a man in a red shirt gives a peace sign while cooking chicken on a barbecue .
a man and a woman looking at a baby .
"a young man is lying underneath a large tree in a park , holding what appears to be a beer ."
firefighters stand on the roof of a building surrounded by trees .
two men in uniform are tugging at a large cable wire .
a man in the middle of a jump while snowboarding .
a snowboarder is grinding on a rail down a slope with snow all around .
"three gentlemen playing basketball , one man with the ball and two defenders on him ."
two young children in black clothing and padding perform a martial arts match where they compete against the other .
a row of old fashion wagons being pulled by cattle .
you african american boy with no shirt on smiling while holding a bowl of food .
a mountain biker is in the midair in the middle of a stunt .
"11 men and women sit around a table eating , while 1 woman bends over in the background ."
a woman with a red scarf is juggling oranges .
"a team is huddled up on the playing field , wearing blue shirts and blue and red shorts ."
a man in bright colors is being helped to perform his routine .
a soccer player wearing a red and white uniform catching the ball for a score as the opponent wearing a blue and white uniform is in the background along with a crowd of people watching the game
several soccer players in defensive position( s ) on the ground during a game .
a man in blue pants is behind a car parked on grass outside of a brick gateway .
a child in a sweatshirt and jean skirt squatting .
photographer captures his shadow as he photographs young boys mingling on the lawn .
people at the park are watching the game .
this picture is of a man in an odd outfit juggling .
two people are outside grilling some meat .
an individual on a ski board appears to have jumped from the nearby helicopter .
a man jumping on a skiing board .
a man is playing a instrument at a concert .
a couple of woman carrying bricks on there head .
a person in a tan and blue sweater hanging clothes on a clothesline outside the window of her building .
a female in mid throw of a bowling ball .
a group of young children laugh and play amid a large bubbles .
woman talking to a photographer dressed in black .
"a bearded man in a tan hat , assists a bald man in tennis shoes , near a campfire ."
a caucasian male in a green and white plaid shirt holding a microphone .
men and women with satchels and briefcases travel up and down dimly lit escalators .
four indoor cyclists are racing around a bend .
"four cyclists , three of the in-line and one to the side , are cycling down the track ."
"basketball team , with one of the players about to go for a shoot ."
a group of young men playing basketball; two members of the same team trying to block a player on the other team who has the ball .
a red and white car rounds a corner on a racetrack .
a person walking in the snow with a forest of trees in the background .
a woman yells into a microphone while wearing a red jacket .
two players face off in ice-hockey as the referee has just thrown the puck onto the ice .
two men in red shirts and blue pants are playing hockey .
two black dogs are fighting in front of a tan sofa .
i 'm really hurting after that ball bounced off my forehead .
a woman carrying a tray with drinks on it .
a woman is covered up completely and fixing a machine .
a man with a yellow hard hat on is working above some water .
a woman sitting on the corner wearing a blue checkered shawl .
a woman lays in bed with her cat as she pets her .
"a man is preparing to tee off in golf , and there is a big crowd watching him ."
a man looking at some kind of contraption while another man in the background watches .
women showing a child how to solder a piece of metal .
two young children using a mortar and pestle grinding a product down .
a woman is showing a child how to use a sewing machine .
a young girl in a pink shirt creates a painting on paper .
a young man in blue working with electronics .
a man grinds a piece of metal in front of an onlooker on a studio set .
protesters are holding signs in spanish .
"two men , one with a mohawk and sunglasses crawl through the mud , as others look on ."
a musician dressed in a suit plays his large instrument while sitting on an amplifier .
"a boy in a blue shirt is on a skateboard in midair doing stunt , while others watch ."
a bike rider with a suit covered in advertisement prepares for a race .
several men in yellow and green vest in a cafe having lunch .
two basketball players in white jersey 's  are guarding a player from the other team .
a person with glasses and a black cap bending over equipment in the dark .
a snowboarder takes flight while performing a freestyle move .
a blue-robed and hooded figure is walking past occupied tables in an upper-class room .
this a man on a boat in calm water surrounded by trees .
a little girls stands on the sidewalk and blows bubbles .
a man outside of rodgers butchers looking at food .
a man leans towards a fire to check on the contents of a pot .
the soldier is jumping from the plane
two young girls in dresses are hula hooping on the street .
rocks outside sitting in the sunlight chilling watching the sun come up .
men are playing with a volleyball in a pool .
shirtless man playing a keyboard and singing into a microphone .
"a smiling woman and four young children , posing for a picture ."
a man and woman pose together in front of a body of water .
two young girls kissing a man on either side of his face with a lighthouse on a hill as the background .
a boy and a girl smile for a photo while in a pool .
a snowboarder kicking up snow under a tree on a mountain .
a little boy in blue holds a yellow object in front of a floral designed chair .
a rugby team gives chase as the man in possession punts the ball .
men are playing hockey on rollerblades .
an asian barber with a towel over his arm stands behind an empty barber shop chair .
two men with facial hair making tortillas in an informal setting .
a postal carrier with a big smile stands on the sidewalk with his cart of mail .
the man is being kissed by two beautiful women .
two teenage boys practice their soccer skills as their friends stand beside the goal and watch .
a woman in a blue dress stands with a bemused look on her face .
a man with a gray beard in a karate stance with a yellow belt on his waist .
a little boy wearing a red hat with an ritz cracker in his hand .
"a woman in a white blouse laughs , while another woman in a black shirt and glasses looks on ."
a woman smiles as she gives a presentation on a microphone .
"a young , white boy standing alone in a room juggling some unidentifiable material ."
a man in a uniform saluting .
"a man speckled with blue , orange and green paint over his upper body is holding up a camera ."
man shoveling dirt into a pile
people from all walks of life rush to catch the next train in japan .
small children playing with hula hoops in a large room .
a woman in a dimly lit room looks through her microscope and adjusts the vision .
a runner is participating in a run session or race along a desolate stretch of country road .
a family waits next to some portable toilets in the city .
two guys working off the rail .
a man in an olive green shirt using a hammer to sculpt a golden object .
a family of four sit on a quilt in a crowd of others .
multiple people with candles all around or in hand are facing the camera as they each have different numbers of fingers held up .
a man is juggling tennis balls next to his two friends .
a white man in a white room filled with pictures sitting down trying to put a frame together .
a vendor wearing a red apron selling food at a soccer game .
a basketball player in a yellow uniform tries to dribble while being defended by a player in a blue uniform .
a girl is laughing while sitting on a couch .
a man is helping a small boy climb up a pole that is on playground equipment .
a black dog running toward the camera .
a young man blasts out the pool water wearing a pair of goggles on his face .
two young men in uniform involved in a basketball game .
a woman sweeps outside of the entrance to a building with two huge wooden doors .
two players face off in a basketball game .
"a woman wearing sunglasses , a red shirt and black shorts runs in a road race ."
a man 's  head becomes later after receiving a haircut .
a man with glasses and red facial hair tells a story to two smiling men .
a man with a beard holds a pair of tongs at a restaurant table .
a man with a beard and overalls is standing next two men wearing black jackets .
a baby with blue eyes and a dirty face is pointing at his left eye .
an older man wearing ice skates and holding a hockey stick looks at a hockey puck in midair .
this young girl is making her way home .
there are people on a golf course and one lady is holding a flag at one of the holes .
a little boy in a hat picking up easter eggs .
"two men wearing motorcycle helmets , one carrying a piece of paper ."
a blue lift putting decorations up on a building .
a man is surfboarding and is in the air with the wave splashing behind him .
two people wearing helmets are riding bikes in the woods .
a man with a white hat and a tool belt who is working on the roof .
two men wearing hats playing ultimate frisbee .
two guys; one in white and the other in red are leaping to catch a frisbee .
a man makes a diving catch during a game of ultimate frisbee .
a man wearing a white t-shirt and khakis puts on an amazing fire juggling show .
a skinny boy flocking in dirty water wearing his skinny pants .
a white and gray colored horse is jumping a yellow competition fence while it 's  rider holds on .
two police officers are patrolling on their horses .
"a soccer team is on a playing field , some of them fixing the nets and one emptying water from a cooler ."
members of a soccer team hugging on the field .
"soccer players are on a field , one about to kick a ball , and another trying to steal it from him ."
"four soccer players watch a ball , two apiece on separate teams , as number 10 messi kicks it away ."
the conductor was very agitated during the performance .
three individuals are visible participating in the sport of fencing while two spectators watch from behind .
there are a team of winter athletes skiing together in a line formation .
a person washing their hands in a white sink .
a roosevelt soccer player butt heads with the ball and an opponent during a match .
a speed cyclist goes around a track with judges observing .
"a man wearing a cowboy hat , overalls , and a white shirt is pointing at his music sheet and looking at someone in confusion ."
a rally car drifts around a turn and splashes mud .
"three adults , two men and one woman , talking to each other in winter attire in the snow ."
a group of adolescents dressed in uniforms are walking down the street .
a child in yellow attempts a goal at a soccer game while the goalie in red tries to block the shot .
gentleman making a play on a soccer ball
a boy in a yellow hoodie and a girl in a pink outfit play on the beach .
a caucasian man is teaching a class in asia .
a blond-haired toddler dressed in pink and white is holding a toothbrush .
several black children are gathered posing for the picture in a field .
blond woman in a pink shirt brushes a brown horse with wagon wheels in the background .
there is a little girl in a pink shirt who is holding a red purse in her hand
a person is cracking an egg into a silver bowl using only one hand .
a baseball player is sliding into second base while the opposing infielder jumps .
a man standing at the front of the room is pointing up while several people who are seated look towards him .
an all male crowd on a beach are throwing themselves backward as one kneels in the middle .
a dog is distance jumping into a pool of water while spectators are watching .
a man in a black shirt is mixing drinks
a man skateboarding on a bench next to a bend tree in front of a white building .
a man and a woman are in a field holding hands .
a group of children stand by a child sized table and chairs while one of them puts their foot in a small plastic bin .
a brown dog is running through the field .
a basketball player in a st johns number 10 jersey dunking a basketball .
a skier in red sprays snow against a white background .
this women is enjoying the nice hot summer weather in the tropical while enjoying a nice refreshing drink .
a man in a dark jacket works in a wood shop .
"an elderly woman tries on a black hat while looking in a mirror at a clothing boutique , with a sales assistant to her right ."
an audacious motorcyclist who is zooming through a racetrack .
a woman is drawing at a table with a blue permanent marker .
a young girl holding a hand-drawn clock talks to two women .
little asian girl with yellow glasses working on a piece of woodwork with the help of an adult .
baseball players and umpire at home plate making a play .
a man with a purple patterned shirt and jeans is sitting on a brown recliner .
two motorcyclists race on an asphalt track on purple and green motorcycles .
a crowd watching a man in white pants using an axe .
two go-cart drivers are racing on the racetrack .
a person on a bicycle is jumping over grass and rocks on an outside trail with a mountain in the background .
two men are playing soccer on a field .
a hand is seen holding a small strainer with a red substance inside .
woman enjoys sucker with another patron behind her .
a man is holding his nose while tasting something and the woman is laughing at him .
group of children and an adult male laying on the floor with balls on their heads .
a woman in a bikini and sunglasses is bumping a volleyball at the beach .
"blake griffin , of the los angles clippers dunking over a minnesota grizzles player ."
"a man wearing black pants , an orange and brown striped shirt , and a black bandanna in a  "" just thrown a bowling ball ""  stance ."
a band singing for a crowd of people .
a group of men and women are working out on various pieces of weight-lifting equipment .
a man is sitting behind the driver 's  wheel in a car .
"a young boy , dressed in cowboy attire , rides a galloping horse ."
"male athlete in midair , wearing white shorts and high top shoes ."
"a marquette university player is going towards the basket , and is being contested by a st. john 's  defender at madison square garden during the big east tournament ."
a man is pulling a chain in a workshop .
"a young boy wearing a gray hat , dressed in mostly black , accept for his shoelaces , playing on his skateboard ."
"two young , male soccer players compete for the ball on a wet field ."
a bull is attempting to throw off a male human with colorful pants on his back .
"a man , in a red shirt , riding an old tractor ."
a little kid in a red jacket riding a broom like a horse .
a man and a woman dressed in white are practicing fire dancing .
a musician in a simple gray tee is kneeling in front of his drums on a wooden plank stage .
man wearing a light blue jean jacket looking at a painting next to a river and bridge .
little blond girl in her jacket sticking out her tongue while holding a red balloon .
a dog in the grass in front of a building .
two women on rollerskates with helmets and elbow and knee pads jostle one another as they skate .
a spectacular dunk by a professional player with white and yellow on
a black man in a white uniform makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd 's  amazement .
an asian couple wearing blue and red formal clothing are standing together in a forest setting .
two men wearing white clothing and helmets are rafting in white-water rapids .
skiers and snowboarders warm themselves by the fire while they talk .
a pit crew makes repairs to a motocross bike while the pit crew boss supervises .
a woman sitting by the water washing some clothes .
a boy does a flip while another boy stands on the matt .
a woman is reading next to a water fountain .
"three ladies near a table scattered with books , busy writing notes from their reference books ."
three girls playing jump rope outside .
"two men sit at a cafe talking , while a blurred woman in a purple overcoat walks by ."
two african-american men workout on a football field .
a man sits outside in the partial shade in a hammock reading something .
two men are carrying on a conversation on a sidewalk .
"a young man attempts to pole vault over a bar , barely inches away from it mid flight ."
this dog does n't  seem to appreciate how awesome his hat is .
dog sitting on the couch with a holiday ribbon on top of his head .
a woman with a really dirty kitchen doing her dishes .
"a woman with short hair wearing a skirt , shirt , and sunglasses is juggling three oranges ."
a man sprinkling the corn on the ground .
a player from the oakland a 's  sliding to second as player from the angels awaits the ball .
a basketball player rejects another basketball players shot in midair right below the basket .
"two steeplechase horses , running parallel , make a obstacle leap , on the course with their riders ."
it is a beautiful day at the horse track .
two jockeys lead their horses over an obstacle during a race .
bread is shared between a man and two women .
a man holding up a bright pink umbrella on a city street .
a woman is working as a seamstress .
funny kid plays with his milk straw gives a smile for the camera .
a motorcycle racer takes a tumble while two competitors come racing up quickly from behind .
a snowboarder performs a trick by riding down the rail of a staircase .
a little boy is playing with a skateboard .
soccer player in white and green dives for the ball as he defends against his opponent in black .
hockey player takes the puck .
a team of men are playing a game in which several of them are jumping to reach the ball .
a man is looking at a yellow bulldozer .
a bulldozer is pushing stones and dirt into a pile .
a yellow bulldozer machine in a rocky field .
a gray bearded man slices blade into some poultry on a cutting board .
young girls gathered around a man blowing large bubbles .
blue and gray sailboat in the water with a few other boats in front of it against a gray sky .
in this photo we have two soccer players going for a header .
one man laying outside in the shade of a tree with a sunglasses on while reading a book .
a man checks his phone while sitting on a stone bench .
a crowd of people watching as a large statue of a man is being moved .
a man is catching a large wave on his surfboard .
a bull is bucking off a rider who is wearing a pink shirt and chaps .
a small baby in a baby swing that has a yellow dress on .
an atlanta baseball player is wearing a glove on the infield .
a new dad sees that his fatherhood is continuing .
a man on a mountain bike is rolling down a mild hill .
"o oh cool going mudding , got my helmet and jacket ."
"a little , blond toddler is petting a small dog outside ."
a young gymnast practicing before a match .
a young man in blue jeans and a blue tee-shirt an sunglasses is on a skateboard on pavement lined with palm trees .
a female singer and male guitarist and drummer perform on a stage .
a guy wearing earmuffs and shooters glasses sites his rifle 's  scope on a target .
a man practicing shooting with his safety gear on .
three shortboarders are walking down the beach toward an outcropping of black boulders .
a man is standing in coconuts while trying to open one .
"many people of all races are gathered together surrounded by red , white , and black balloons ."
a guy in his scuba gear is having a conversation with other men .
a group of kids playing football by an old castle .
there are a group of people on a tractor of some kind riding through a field .
"a man , in a black short-sleeved logo shirt , is sitting at an electronic console with his headphones on ."
woman wearing a blue sweater while holding a large piece of brown paper material .
a caucasian women with blond-hair and a pink bow is putting an object into a plastic bag .
a man dirt biking through some mud in full costume .
a man with a blue hat and black vest is riding a tan colored bull that is kicking up dust .
a skier jumps a snowdrift high in the trees .
getting things ready for the crowd at the spanish food restaurant in ny .
a team of girls competing on rollerskates .
"a man dressed in a surfing shirt and blue and white shorts skillfully guides his yellow board with its multicolored sail over the crest of an ocean wave , flipping over in the process ."
a major league baseball player has just hit the ball and is about to run .
a soccer player in a green jersey kicks a blue and yellow ball .
"a small boy wearing a helmet and dressed in black , swings a blue bat in tee ball ."
a woman taking a picture while enjoying a glass of wine .
tennis player returning a high serve on tennis court .
a man appears to be sewing some sort of material .
soccer players in their uniforms running up the field in the middle of a game .
a boy with his arm wrapped in an ace bandage rests in a bed .
a young boy is in the middle of a sale of goats
a man and a woman in jeans are sitting on either side of a guitar .
two wrestlers wrestling in a gym .
a hockey game is going on in a large ice rink .
a man is directing a camel carrying some material .
an arts and crafts class paints a project while the teacher oversees and smiles at them .
a man in a basketball game is shooting the ball .
a group of young people are sitting around a fire pit .
three scouts are on top of a cliff overlooking the ocean .
one man attempts to pin his opponent who is waring a blue singlet during a wrestling match .
a man in a helmet and uniform is smiling .
a lot of bicyclists are ready for a race to begin .
a man who has his face covered with a turban is carrying a weapon .
"sledding down a snow covered hill on a sled , with trees and mountains in the background ."
"a little girl holding a big sign that says  "" end war ""  and she 's  looking down at it ."
a table full of high school aged kids are performing science experiments in three groups of four .
students investigate photos up close in class .
"a boy is riding a toy horse , which is placed in the corner of a teal brick corner ."
working making drill on wood to make holes .
"a goalie is playing hockey , and there is an object in front of the net ."
there are five people sitting around a coffee table going over some paperwork .
a black dog runs on green grass towards the camera .
a bald man is on a surfboard presumably ready to catch some waves .
a man in his kitchen cooking up a great meal .
a male vocalist plays guitar and sings under the spotlight .
three people rock climbing in matching clothes beside a small waterfall .
a man is playing the drums .
a dark-haired man surfs off a big ocean wave and is airborne .
a man on an atv enjoys an afternoon riding in the desert
three people stand proudly by a truck stocked with building supplies in the street .
a man in goggle swimming .
rider in red racing a mini red race car that rides very close to the ground .
two children and an adult digging a hole in the sand in winter clothing .
"an asian woman , dressed in a bright pink shirt , is washing her clothes in the river ."
snow skier flies high through the air .
a person in orange pants is skiing down a slope .
two girls playing inside a jumper house .
a deep-sea diver is in full equipment studying a sea turtle .
a man wearing a old style suit dancing in a ballroom with a woman .
"a woman in a bright pink skirt carrying a basket on her back , walking up a cobblestone path ."
a person walking down a road in the desert .
a man has just won from a karate battle with his opponent and his nose is bleeding .
"an older man , wearing a salon drape , getting a haircut ."
a woman with a red hoodie on trying to cross a stream of water shoeless with a covered television .
a girl with leopard knee crouches while rollerskating down the track .
a male cheerleader is holding a female cheerleader in the air at a football game .
people with anti-immigration signs .
"a small child , wearing a striped shirt , is unable to see down the tube of a telescope ."
a barber is giving a haircut to an elderly man outdoors .
a pair of men sit outside while one plays the accordion and the other plays a wind instrument .
a group of people are hanging out outside .
"three young boys , are playing in the sand along the beach side ."
a group of indian boys giving the peace sign .
a couple reviewing the deserts in a room full of people intent on food .
"a woman is sitting on a sofa with her feet propped up on a table , while using a laptop ."
the man is trying to make a pottery that he can market soon .
two indian ladies photograph the long green grass outdoors of their native land .
a woman getting a back rub from a man while sitting court side at a basketball court .
a man and a woman perform martial arts outdoors .
a man doing a trick on his bmx bike on top of a half pipe
"two men in a city working at a construction site , with tall buildings behind them ."
there are five jockeys on horses with trees in the background .
two hockey players stand with both their arms raised up .
an african american man is running near the water without a shirt .
two men and a woman running together for a competition .
a shirtless black man wearing sunglasses and jogging pants along a park path near a waterway .
a working man taking a drink of water .
two men in blue uniforms and hats along with white boots are walking along a street .
this men are marching band playing instruments on streets .
a woman in a restaurant is cooking on a grill .
reporter is taking interview from a red race car driver .
1 guys running with a white ball football in sand while another chases him .
five military men standing in front of a statue .
a man in a blue and orange shirt kicks a soccer ball to his teammate .
a male athlete tackles his head into the ground to protect the ball in play .
"in an urban marketplace , there is a man receiving a haircut with several other men and a small girl in the background ."
two guys load boxes into a battered blue container that sits on a brick-paved street .
"a man is making a clay pot , while several bystanders are watching ."
a man is kicking a ball on a field .
a man is showing three women how to create pottery in a class .
this guy has just created a new way of cooking for his family .
men 's  volleyball team member jumps up into the air to spike the ball into the other teams playing field .
a group of women exiting a obstacle in a race .
a man is placing his first foot into a box filled with water .
an audience watch as six men prepare to run a race .
"a man wearing a black shirt , red tie , and red suspenders concentrates on juggling three red balls ."
two guys playing soccer on the field .
a young girl in leopard print stands in the kitchen holding a spatula while cooking pancakes .
a man on a beautiful beach uses a knife to open a coconut .
a snowboarder loses his balance and dives into the snow head first .
two men in blue shirts smiling and shaking hands .
a woman in a purple shirt running a marathon getting water splashed on her .
a lot of police in riot gear are surrounding one man in a white shirt .
a group of young people dances with enthusiasm with their partners .
several people wait outside at the local community event .
"two athletes , one wearing purple and blue stripes and the other wearing blue and white stripes , are playing soccer on a field ."
man in yellow shirt performing maintenance on schwinn bicycle near a picnic table .
"a young boy is bowling for one pin with a ball outside , while 3 other people are in the background ."
one lady in a plaid coat eating cotton candy .
a business presentation where the presenter is wearing a striped shirt and using a projector .
caucasian man in a hard hat holds power drill in front of the american flag .
the baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held .
a bearded man wearing all black is standing across the street from a bradford 's  .
a rugby player passes off the ball when approaching a defender .
a group of fishermen holding a net looking at a small batch of caught fish .
several men are playing hockey with spectators sitting on the bleachers .
a worker is cleaning a roof or terrace on a cold winter morning .
solders in a marching parade standing still at attention .
two men abroad enjoy talking about their differences .
a man with his dog is wearing hiking gear and looking at the view of the mountains .
2 hockey teams are playing hockey .
a man in a pink shirt is standing next to two younger men in a dark room .
a small image used to signify a broken web image link
"a soccer player for eik leaps high in the air to kick the ball , pursued by several opponents and a teammate ."
a woman watching two kids playing at a pool .
"four kayakers in two brightly-colored kayaks  "" surf ""  a standing wave in a river flowing through a park ."
a woman with a black dress and sunglasses juggling lemons outdoors .
a woman draws a dog using pencil on a small square .
young child using tools on a machine .
older man talking to a young boy who is wearing a blue and brown shirt .
a young boy preparing a project with a bearded man .
a group of eight people playing some sort of tabletop game all surrounding a table .
a young girl learns how electrical circuits work .
children are in a classroom setting learning how to sew on a sewing machine .
a person picking a lock with a piece of metal .
a young girl wearing colorful clothing uses henna to draw a flower on her hand .
a young boy in glasses is using a hammer on a metallic object .
a girl is showing off what i presume is art that she made .
a youth taking apart or putting together an electronic device .
a young boy in a blue jacket is watching something being sawed apart while he wears safety glasses .
elementary school students watch an experiment in a large glass apparatus .
a man is catching a ball in the middle of some sort of sport .
three people running through the mud with people in the background .
a man in a brown outfit and sandals is sweeping a stone floor .
an older person opens a glass and selects a cheese .
a basketball player slam dunking the basketball during a game as the crowd and players watch .
"run , run careful do n't  hit the van ."
two students at work in a science class .
two girls are putting a chemical in a bottle .
a brunette is eating noodle soup with chopsticks out of an orange bowl
a person is on a ladder putting up letters on a sign at a theater .
a large white greenhouse with a family sitting in front of it having a picnic .
black chief making a food in the hotel
fans and players celebrate and hoist their coach on their shoulders after winning a soccer match during a night game .
two sexy women wrestling in the ring .
white male playing guitar on live on stage in a rock and roll band .
a young girl wearing pink and zebra print smiling while holding a stuffed animal at a birthday party .
a child in a red coat looking through the lens of a metallic blue telescope .
a lone clown adding some much needed color to the world .
a waterskier is being pulled by a rope and he is wearing pink and black pants .
two young men are inspecting a vat and pipes on a dock or harbor .
a dark-skinned man in a white uniform is deflecting a ball from the goal net .
"a soccer match between a team with white jerseys , and a team with yellow jerseys ."
four motocross racers fly over the off-road dirt ramp during a competition .
a girl in a white jacket is smiling while she holds a microphone .
five ice hockey player from the same team are celebrating on the rink .
men playing ice hockey and one has just fallen .
"a scene from a hockey game where the player in blue has just taken a shot , while the player in white tries to block it ."
a boy holding a big rock with another boy blurred in the background .
"two children , a girl and a boy , competing in a potato sack race ."
amish guy plays golf and walks
a woman in a red apron watches as a man in a black apron cracks eggs .
a chef on a unicycle juggles through a crowd of spectators .
there is a girl with three boys swimming in water .
female distance runner participating in a race .
"five men , wearing orange reflective suits , working on railroads ."
man with glasses juggling for children .
a baseball man slides himself to the base while the other man touches the base at the same time
a woman folding laundry on the floor in front of a recliner .
a surfer jumping a wave on a surfboard .
a surfer gets air while others watch .
"a male cyclist pulls ahead of the pack wearing gray , white and red riding gear , a helmet and sunglasses ."
the horse jumps over the hurdle as a crowd watches .
"two young men face each other with medieval armor , weapons , and clothes ."
a person chopping onions in a cutter .
a woman in a bikini bottom holds her right hand up near a ball .
a man in a gray t-shirt juggles bowling pins .
a young woman is sitting down on a group of chairs while posing a look .
the young lady happily cut the fresh vegetables for her dinner .
six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of varying length pass by a group of onlookers .
two men in military uniforms are standing at a railing while one talks on the phone .
a very man on a motorcycle and 2 men on a cart are traveling down a dusty two lane road .
a male plays a video game on a television .
"several bikers on a stone road , with spectators watching ."
people making line to make their purchase in the antique store .
two white male hipsters beating each other with pillows in a public outdoor square .
"a baseball player has made an intense play to get to a base , while the defender has lost his balance ."
a little boy crying beside a coin operated ride .
two people are riding motorcycle in a race .
a guy name peter is setting something up behind a miniature railroad and other people in the back watching something on a drop down screen .
a bunch of motorcycle racers in colorful helmets racing neck to neck .
a woman with brown hair paints a picture on an easel while sitting outside .
"a man is holding a large , water-spraying hose while another man watches ."
two men and a woman are inspecting the front tire of a bicycle .
five people are racing each other with go-karts .
two people driving blue and black go-carts drive next to each other .
a chef from hodo soy is pouring batter into a bowl .
"two women , one holding a spoon and the other holding a plastic bottle , are preparing food at an event ."
a lady and gentleman wearing blue gloves placing something into a blue mug .
a man wearing a wireless microphone is smiling while standing near a television screen .
three girls inhaling vaporized smoke of some sort .
man in a blue uniform kicking a yellow soccer ball with a nike sign on it .
a broad way show at its finale .
a butterfly has landed on the head of a blond little boy .
a senior citizen in a hospital bed .
"a group of men playing soccer , most of them looking at one man in black ."
little girl in yellow shirt sips a bitter tasting beverage .
"a young asian man and woman stand open-mouthed in front of microphones , they are dressed in rockabilly style and the man has a blue guitar"
"a black dog stands on a rock , green fields behind him ."
a small child wearing a hat is playing on rocks at the edge of a body of water .
a rugby player in a white and red jersey shakes a tackle from a member of the opposing blue team .
"rugby players are playing an intense game of rugby , where the carrier is being tackled by a member of the opposite team ."
a man kayaks in a blue and white kayak through rapids .
an elderly woman gingerly caressing a baby and holding him softly to soothe the baby .
a man with a top hat holds a large mug in a pub .
"two women are looking at a camera , one is shorter with brown hair , while the other is blond and a bit taller ."
a little boy in a swimming pool .
a woman in a red apron is gesturing toward a selection of different loaves of bread behind her .
a man crouches down to take a picture .
boy looks backwards to the camera while riding in a swing at an amusement park .
one person in a room lighting a cigarette while holding a cat .
a bald military man in camouflage clothes and bright blue gloves cracks an egg into a stainless steel bowl .
girl in red outfit jumping out of tire swing
"two men performing a piece of music , one in a plaid shirt singing into a microphone and the other in all black strumming an acoustic guitar ."
a curly-haired little girl is on the shore of a beach look down at the water .
"a blond-haired boy , wearing blue patterned shorts , running through the water , as a wave recedes ."
a photographer is taking a picture of a team wearing red .
one young males goes for a lay up with another defends him in a game of one-on-one basketball .
the kids chase a huge bubble around the walkway .
a soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their time to make a move .
three soccer players are battling for possession of the ball .
a person on a parasail jumps off a wave .
two young soccer players compete for the ball .
"a group of 5 young girls pose for a photograph by attempting to jump in the air just as the picture is taken , one of them stays on the ground and is holding an infant male ."
two children are running down a sidewalk dressed in costumes .
two people compete in a wheelchair race on a city street .
a man in a costume has himself some water .
a man trying to tie a little cow down with a rope .
a woman in a red shirt and purple hat carries a blue container full of items on her head .
a man wearing a blue hat rock climbs up a steep rock face .
"accompanied by members of the local hockey team , a determined woman walks the final stretch towards the marathon finish line ."
a female runner dressed in a sports tank and brief is cheered on by a crowd of onlookers .
a couple preparing for take off in their yacht .
a referee in a roller derby watching women skaters as they pass by .
a man being thrown into the air while being trampled by a bull .
two soldiers train a police dog as it menacingly grabs hold of one of the soldier 's  training tools with its mouth .
dark image of men playing bongo drums and drinking
a first basemen in a women 's  softball game attempts to tag the runner out at the end of a pickoff play .
a man windsurfing in the ocean .
four children are playing by an outdoor fountain .
a woman is painting a scene of the grand canyon on her portable easel .
a barefoot man is photographing a couple who is laying in the green grass under some palm trees by water .
a group of senior citizens are watching a performance .
four girls playing soccer on a field as their coach looks on .
a cute young boy waving an american flag outside .
a teenager is performing a trick jump on a city street corner .
a young woman in purple running shirts is riding a red bicycle in the city .
a female in a yellow swim cap is swimming in a pool .
a shirtless man in front of a weathered brick wall outside .
a young girl in a crowd of people spinning two hula hoops at once .
a young white man in running gear is jogging by the water .
man with one leg throwing the discus .
this version of street hockey is on between organized teams .
man raising his arms triumphantly as he leads the pack in a bike race .
young children are having a fun summer day by playing in water .
a male skateboarder skates off the steps to make a trick move for the camera .
the boy licks the icing from the spoon .
the men are very resourceful and even managed to take a nap even in this unfriendly space .
a soccer player in midair as he kicks the soccer ball .
somebody is rappelling down a tall cliff with the sun and clouds in the sky .
male crowd surfing at a concert .
a court-side action shot of several professional basketball players in a game .
two men are playing guitars while a woman watches from behind them .
a man wearing a blue shirt talks into microphones amidst a background of signs .
two young women in colorful clothing walk through wetland .
a pack of horses close together just out of the gate at a horse race .
two men looking at each other and playing pool .
a group of horses and their jockeys race across the grass .
the surfer crouches low and rides the wave .
a man is doing a flip while an audience watches .
a football player runs past his competition with the ball .
five men standing on a music set smile and wave at an unseen audience .
a guy in white t-shirt on a mac computer .
a tall elder man is standing with his hand around another shorter elder man in the middle of the city
a dj host takes the mic and rallies his audience .
"a bunch of track runners leap over a hurdle , with 2 of them falling in the water beneath it ."
brunette guy completing a jump on the pole vault .
a high jumper is in the middle of her jump while still holding the pole .
two soccer players are on the field on front of a large crowd .
"a man is running , in a yellow runners shirt and matching running shorts , along the waterside with a big city in the background on a beautiful day ."
a motorbike rider travels along a long dirt road lined with green trees .
a large football player tackling and taking down another player from the opposite team in the middle of an action packed play .
a shirtless muscular man pokes his chest with a brown dagger while grimacing .
a team of soccer players all dressed in white and green two of these male players are looking at a phone smiling .
a man in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at him .
a long-haired man in a blue shirt juggles six orange balls .
"a man , wearing glasses and a white shirt , lines up a billiards shot ."
a group of people stand in a line along a black fence .
the man is looking at the engine of the old firetruck .
a man in blue interviews a man in a dark suit while in a white tent .
an adult and two children play in piles of fallen leaves .
a woman and man cut rolled up dough into small pieces .
a small boy playing in the sand while on the beach .
two children are playing with sand on a beach near the ocean .
a group of people are digging holes in the dirt .
two martial artists fight in front of a group of people .
three soldiers trying to put out a fire with a fire hose .
a woman wearing a purple shirt and white helmet is riding a brown horse .
a beautifully dressed little girl poses in the forest with her walking stick .
a woman is holding a drink in one hand and pointing at a painting with the other .
three guys playing golf along a body of water .
a woman is walking along the beach with three children following behind her .
this shows many people on bicycles in different color uniforms and helmets .
a man sits at a computer work station beside a woman and uses the computer .
a middle-aged solo musician performs by singing and playing the guitar .
"with a building facade in the background , a man stands upon the shoulders of another while holding several burning sticks ."
a young boy getting ready for a day of fishing .
a man in a black bathing suit is playing volleyball on a beach with palm trees .
a guy sitting in a chair is getting a shave .
a few people on a boat with a white house in the background .
a bicyclist racing in a bike race .
group of people standing in front of a store that sells bicycles for children .
"a boy , with blue goggles , swimming in a pool ."
a woman is practicing her form with the backstroke during lap swimming at a local indoor pool .
two men and one woman are performing music on a stage .
two women in purple shiny dresses are dancing in front of shrubbery .
"four adults playing baseball , with a forest in the background ."
woman tennis player in a green and red dress balancing a ball on the racket .
a man trying to reach the tennis ball in a tennis game .
"several guys playing cricket on a field , while an old man and lady spectate in the background ."
a group of people on a dock by a city boarding various boats
a baby with brown hair in pigtails closing her eyes .
a smithy preparing his tools in his humble workshop .
a group of boys are watching a boy dressed in black with blue socks is kicking a soccer ball in the air on the sand .
two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot .
two white dogs are playing on the grass .
hmong mother washing her children 's  clothes with beautiful scenery behind her .
closeup shot of a military man and woman in a blue dress dancing at a military ball .
four children drawing pictures on a large white canvas .
people are standing and sitting at round tables in a large room .
five little girls posing in matching dance outfits .
a painting of people standing outside of building underneath two trees looking towards a yellow light .
man with red coat and pointy hair is blowing on a kazoo on stage .
a young man is surfing on the crest of a wave .
a person is kite surfing by a bridge .
a man holding a camera reaches over a railing to shake the hand of a 2012 graduate .
a middle-aged man and women in a blue shirt look at the man 's  diploma .
"beside a brick building , a woman hugs a recent graduate in congratulations ."
"in an urban area , people act out their daily lives walking , eating , and enjoying company ."
a man just hit the ball on the golf course .
a group of performers clap on stage .
people in the background sit and watch as two girls in red shirts are doing flips .
a group of cheerleaders perform stunts at a track .
a young woman in a polka dot shirt and glasses in front of some trees .
two child soccer players wrestle for the ball .
"an adventurous skier skillfully moved down the steep , snowy slope at a high rate of speed ."
runners jogging through water with a rainbow appearing .
one man is shirtless while the other two men work on construction
an asian man in the military is doing push-ups for a superior .
a young girl with pink dice in her brown hair has a sad look on her face .
a man tries to fix a colorful object .
the little boy is walking down the sidewalk in his mothers shoes .
two people playing with a volleyball in a pool .
"two soccer players , one wearing white and one wearing blue , jostle each other while kicking pink and white balls ."
a soccer player is chasing a ball off towards a sideline on the field .
two soccer players chase after a member of the opposing team who is trying to get control of the ball
"as confetti flies , a soccer team in white uniforms celebrates ."
a wet brown dog jumps up to get a white basketball .
a girl with auburn hair is sitting at a table and looking over her shoulder .
a man is competing for a bicycle race while the other cyclists are directly behind him .
"men , woman and children gathering around with shovels picking up rocks ."
"the man , with no shirt , reaches into a bucket to extract the substance inside ."
a young mother and her baby walk along a street .
"group of young people engaged in conversation , one listens on while holding a drink ."
two white women having a conversation and an open beer .
a man holding a dotted bag gives another man a piggyback ride in front of a subway sandwich shop .
a man and a woman dance happily .
a girl holding a stuffed psyduck toy is smiling while sitting on a bed .
children play in fountains that spray water from the ground .
men in a bicycle race going down a hill
"a band , consisting of at least one male guitar player and one female singer , plays music on a stage ."
a pitcher and catcher on a baseball field with the ball in between them .
violin soloists take the stage during the orchestra 's  opening show at the theater .
a man running in a marathon race is running across a bridge .
two lifeguards watch over the ocean on a cloudy day and an american flag is hanging behind them .
a man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by .
a smiling baby feeding a colorful treat to its parent .
four bicyclists wearing helmets are racing along a city street while onlookers observe .
a cyclist rides a yellow bike with a field in the background .
a young boy and girl are being pulled in a child 's  wagon decorated like the american flag .
a young boy is playing with his ball in front of a building .
"a young girl , wearing a yellow tank top , is playing outside with other children in the background ."
"an artist is drawing a caricature from a photograph , beside him are several celebrity drawings ."
a group of men are running a street race while wearing athletic gear and their racer numbers .
marathon runners running towards the finish line .
"on a small river , four red-clad rowers pull their yellow boat ahead of several others ."
a wrestling match is going on while a crowd watches .
"two men being watched by many , wearing no pants or shirt , one having tattoos and wearing some kind of headgear ."
two men in separate kayaks going through rapids .
a boy hanging upside down on a ladder next to another boy climbing a knotted rope .
two men boxing shirtless with black pants on
"two blond children , a boy and a girl , hold sticks and smile ."
two friends run in a competitive race .
"a man is shooting a gun outdoors , on what looks like a beautiful sunny day ."
a woman with brown hair and navy blue jersey runs
"a woman is running at a competitive race , holding a bottle of water ."
three white men singing and performing on stage at a concert .
a welder wearing a welding suit is welding scrap metal together .
playing tee ball is such fun for this little boy .
"two women compete in a marathon , while a little boy competes close behind them ."
men and women on stage holding poles with colors and performing .
a girl in a red tank top talks on a cellphone .
a guy laying in a field who seems very happy
a man holds a small child on a tree limb .
five musicians holding their instruments pose for a photo in front of a backlit arch .
"five musicians , three woman and two men , looking out over a wall with their instruments behind their back ."
five people wearing black and holding musical instruments looking upwards .
a woman in a plaid dress and bare feet performing a ritual dance over bamboo poles .
"the back of a person 's  head is shown , as they scratch their head with their hand ."
a man dressed in orange and black is running a marathon through the streets as people watch .
a group of runners competing in a summer event .
a swimmer 's  hand is taken as he gets out of the water .
multiple men in wetsuits and goggles standing behind a ribbon .
a large group of swimmers in wetsuits and swim caps eagerly dive into the water .
young woman enjoying herself playing pool .
a little girl on a baseball field swinging at a baseball on a tee .
a young woman is leaping in midair on a skateboard .
a child with dreadlocks is breakdancing on a public sidewalk .
sanitation workers on a midday break .
a man is using a sledgehammer to hammer a ring onto a barrel .
a woman wearing a red jacket hula-hoops in the street .
a brown horse with a white mane pulls a ploy with a man sitting on it in a field .
three people from a country in the east are dancing on a dance floor .
three men in military garb digging sand in a desert .
a uniformed officer speaks into a communications device while sitting .
a man wearing army camouflage stands behind the steering wheel of the vehicle he is operating .
"person flying in air wearing sandals , goggles , and wind suit ."
"a guitarist performs during a concert along with his band mate , on bass guitar ."
three young adults are washing dishes in the kitchen .
"a woman in black shorts and a purple top , jogging while pushing a gray stroller with a toddler in the stroller ."
woman in blue headscarf and black clothing carrying 2 trays of pastries outside a building .
three young dark-skinned men sit on stacked fruit and smile at camera .
the outfielder dives to catch the popup at center field .
a soccer player follows through with a kick as a second player watches .
a person is breakdancing while some young boys watch .
people watching a young boy looking like he is falling onto his bottom on a tiled floor .
"a man in glasses working a food processor and standing behind eggs , flour , oranges and butter ."
"a fireman is climbing firetruck ladder , make is way up to a fire ."
two men with blue soccer uniforms practice soccer .
children wearing hats and making funny faces while smiling are standing next to a fence in the sand .
guy in red uniform bouncing a soccer ball off his head .
two soccer players are running and kicking a soccer ball at a game .
a woman is in the water ready to wakeboard .
two women playing badminton with trees in the background .
a girl wearing an orange vest is riding a brown horse .
a young man in a black hat and white t-shirt is suspended in their air on his skateboard .
a race car is drifting on the unpaved the road .
"a stock car races along a dirt track , spraying a plume of dirt behind it ."
a driver is speeding a small car very fast .
a boy in a black helmet jumps a bicycle with a small town visible in the background .
a woman with glasses and a lip piercing is sitting down looking at her pink iphone .
a man is playing on a stand up bass by plucking the strings .
a mom works out in a nice looking garden .
a person is carrying a small kayak or boat to the water while two other people watch .
a girl is writing on her journal on a picnic cloth .
three city workers in hard hats are pouring cement from a truck and laying sidewalk .
a baseball player about to snatch an incoming baseball .
a man showing his acrobatic skill with a monoboard being towed behind a boat on a lake .
a singer in a white coat singing into the microphone .
a sign with the word insurance written in red is attached to a pole .
an elderly black man using a sewing machine on a shirt .
a woman in a coat pulls her selected pine tree through the snow .
pitcher on pitching mound in maroon cap and jersey releases baseball .
two boys rest on a log floating along the bank of a body of water .
a university of south carolina baseball player hitting a ball with a bat .
a man in black clothes is riding an atv down a road .
a person with white and black suit board waking into the waves .
two young girls wearing white tennis uniforms are shaking hands .
a brother holding his younger brother outside in cold air .
"young boy in a blue and gray sweater , holding a wooden post ."
some men are learning martial art .
a group of men are watching two men perform in a grass field in a neighborhood .
a group of adults and children with a white elephant statue at a festival .
four men in multicolored running clothes and shoes sprinting down a street while onlookers watch .
a man in white organizes a yellow folder .
a boy in a black and green t-shirt playing outdoors in the sand .
a man with glasses is holding a very young infant .
"a tuba player dressed in formal attire performs along with his band mates , a banjo player and a trumpet player ."
a woman with a black shirt on is grilling kabobs .
a woman washes a dish in front of a window with the shades drawn .
"a red-sleeved man has thrown down , in a sparring manner , a gentleman with blue sleeves ."
a construction worker is standing on a crane placing a large arm on top of a stature in progress .
a football team is running as the kicker touches the football with his foot .
two men are competing for the ball in a game of soccer .
a soccer goalie jumping up to save the ball from going in the net .
a man in a soccer uniform is kicking the ball while another man watches in the background .
a person flies through the air in a field on a motorized dirt bike .
a lady in a sparkly dress is playing guitar and singing into a microphone .
a group of children walking on a trail .
a man in a red shirt riding a horse in what seems to be a rodeo .
two unenthusiastic kids sit in a parked firetruck .
"a city worker (wearing an orange vest) , working on a laptop sitting outside on the ground ."
a woman wearing sunglasses rides a brown horse .
a motorcyclist is flying through the air above a dirt path .
a man in a white shirt and plaid shorts sits down .
"the goalie turns to see the puck in the net , while the team rises from the bench ."
two hockey players are skating on the ice .
person wearing cowboy clothing being thrown off a bull while being surrounded by rodeo spectators .
man on horse wearing white hat attempting to lasso small animal .
a naked baby and toddler smear each other in paint .
"3 men , 2 shoveling dirt and the other laying down cement ."
a man surfing on a wave with a few people behind him swimming .
one surfer riding a wave in the blue waters .
a male surfboarder in a black wetsuit is riding a huge wave in beautiful blue water .
"two woman sitting , gambling at a casino ."
two children are sitting shirtless on a trampoline .
an asian woman holds a baby girl .
a man in a striped shirt is jumping off a swing .
a man prepares a cheese burger for a customer .
a man is kicking another man in the head inside of a red ring while another man watches .
a girl standing outside of a clothing shop
two bulldozers are being transported on a truck with trees in the background .
woman attempting to complete a spare in bowling using a red ball .
a female dancer poses on top-toe in an elegant photo studio .
a man attaches bicycles to the back of his car in a tree lined parking lot .
a brown and white dog running with his tongue hanging out .
"two people are walking their dogs on the beach , with a cloudy sky ."
a shoeshine man sits on his stool in front of an empty seat .
two males are fighting with a shovel and the top of a grill .
a person in a light blue outfit is racing a dirt bike through a course in the woods .
a group of school children looking at a group on men wearing white shirts
two men shaking hands outdoors in front of flags
mother tries some role reversal with her son in the kitchen .
"tourists , both female (one older , the other considerably younger) posing with mock astronaut for picture ."
a man conducts an orchestra as all the other musicians follow his lead .
people surrounding a telescope to view things at a great distance .
a woman vocalist singing in a club wearing glasses and playing keyboard
two old men sit in a hot tub .
two girls walking along a log in a field outside .
a man with a large net stands in water that is up to his chest .
horses and jockeys running in a turf race .
"a jockey in a blue helmet , red shirt and white pants is riding a race horse with  "" sparkasse ""  signs in the background ."
two men wrestle in the middle of towering buildings .
"a guitarist , a trumpet player and two saxophonists take the stage ."
two men in the ocean surfing on the boards trying to catch some waves .
three people are kayaking and two have crashed into each other .
two women adorned in traditional tribal attire stand outside .
man dressed in black dramatically rides a racing motorcycle along a stretch of street pavement .
two race drivers in a small race car with bystanders in the background .
a bearded man wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing net .
a little boy in an orange collared shirt is swinging a baseball bat .
a hiker is climbing over rocks to get closer to a waterfall in a rural area .
cowboys struggle to wrangle horses in an arena as spectators watch from the stands .
bike wheels in the foreground with some men in jackets blurred in the distance .
two asian women dancing and wear brightly colored outfits .
"a small child , wearing a helmet , is riding a bmx bike on a dirt path ."
two men inspect the younger boy 's  arm for injuries .
a group of people are gathered together and in the middle a woman is bringing her hand to the face of a man .
males and females dancing together in formal wear .
a bunch of kids in yellow hats are looking over a fence .
a lady and young boy are underneath the umbrella .
a motorbike racer takes a curve on a street circuit .
three people are shoveling sand .
a man in a yellow and black wetsuit is surfing a small wave .
a black male looking and reaching his arms upward .
three men with ear protectors on are holding a gun and practicing shooting at a shooting range .
a male with blond-hair and glasses plays a type of horn .
"an older gentleman is carrying a tiki torch down a street lined with people , as some of them take photographs ."
a man is illustrating using a spray paint can .
a black man is playing a guitar while a woman in a dark green coat nearby is looking away .
a rodeo player is being taken down by a bull .
a little boy playing in rocks and sand down by the water .
a group of natives are gathered at a native shop .
a baseball player in white is preparing to pitch the ball .
a baseball player swings to hit the ball as an umpire crouches behind him .
two children have dug a large hole at the beach and are filling it with water .
a boy is shoveling sand on a beach .
"a girl , kneeling on the sand with a pink minny mouse bucket near her , is tossing a scoop of sand with a shovel ."
a man in a red suit performing motorcycle stunts .
"a dozen soccer players in black uniforms stand in a line on a grassy field , their breaths visible in the cold air ."
three young guys working in a dark room .
man in a blue motocross outfit and red helmet riding a dirt bike on a trail .
an older man holds a hammer while watching something we ca n't  see .
"a guitarist , a drummer , and another band member are performing on stage with red lights on the background ."
children are enjoying a ride at a carnival .
"three men in a rock band performing on stage , in high-fashion clothing and long hair ."
the men 's  rowing team in their green boat is practicing for their upcoming season .
two people on bike racing on track rounding a corner
two men on motorcycles taking a turn on a track .
"a pale white lady with blond-hair and crystal clear blue eyes , somberly poses with two red berries placed in her nostrils ."
man surfing on board with his dog in the ocean .
seven men wearing construction helmets are working on the railroad track .
two people are rowing a boat as a flock of birds pass them .
a group of boaters boating down a winding waterway .
a man is skiing in water .
a black-haired man is sleeping on a bench in a city street .
a man with a hand truck looks at yellow graffiti .
chefs preparing food outside with bread and cooking equipment visible next to the ingredients they are working on .
three onlookers watch a jogger pass as one of them hands him a drink .
"two men , one in a red jersey holding a ball and the other in a blue jersey , run on a grassy field ."
men dressed in military garb practice their rounds .
a skip loader moving dirt in a forest while 2 men watch and direct .
a man walking on dirt at a construction site .
two men are hard at work in what appears to be snow removal .
a lady is writing on a board .
"two elderly women spin threads on spinning wheels , dressed in old-time clothing ."
a woman in a white dress holding flowers standing in front of 4 cows .
a boy wearing a red hat is standing in the middle of the road .
two men standing on the deck of a large ship
"two men , wearing hard hats and blue and yellow coats stand in front of a large machine and smile ."
"two men standing in an open doorway to a hanger , with the third man inside ."
an asian child dressed in red is crying as an asian woman appears to be comforting her .
two teams are playing soccer in a large stadium that is filled with spectators .
a young lady is performing yoga along with the rest of her class .
a man dressed in a camouflage color outfit is holding a gun and aiming it at his target .
two men in white practicing fencing on a court .
a skateboarder is landing a trick from a high place .
a bartender in a black shirt prepares a pink drink in a martini glass .
three people on bicycles at the starting line of a race .
"a small boy and small girl are wearing formal clothes at a wedding , while walking down the aisle ."
a bike mechanic explains the physics of a bike to a registered nurse .
"an indian women sitting down with her hand outstretched , in a blue dress and expensive jewelry ."
lets see how many people we can get to stare at us .
a man on stage talking through a microphone in a black leather jacket .
javelin thrower wearing a dark shirt and preparing to throw .
a white clad rider atop a horse jumping over a series of poles .
a person is riding a white horse while jumping obstacles .
a woman with blue boots standing in front of a large basket of vegetables .
a curly-haired man in a suit plays the trumpet sideways .
archaeologists are on the ground digging for something .
a single person riding a bike .
two people are riding bicycles next to each other on ground with grass in the background .
a woman in a white shirt and shorts is playing a red guitar .
a little boy is holding a lit sparkler in the backyard .
a racing catamaran slices through the waters .
a catamaran on the sea in a sailing competition .
a group of friends get ready to go on an aquatic adventure .
a girl in a green jersey top and blue shorts is getting ready to kick the soccer ball near the goal .
old balding white man eats a little girls biscuit .
a man busking on the streets with a cello in a hoodie and backpack .
a female softball player swinging at a softball .
a young girl wearing a red shirt with her right arm raised and left arm has a softball glove .
a little boy is sitting in a swing .
"a bearded man is playing a flute , and a person with dreads who is standing behind him plays another instrument ."
a man in a white shirt and baseball cap baking cookies .
a baby with green headphones on is waving at a large crowd of people .
an army dog being trained by a soldier .
a woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror .
a man wearing goggles is swimming in a pool .
a white dog emerges from a yellow tube on an obstacle course .
the young girl is rollerblading outside near green bushes .
"the girl of the white basketball team high-fives a member of the black team , while other girls gather ."
a girl stands on a pier as a ferry comes in .
women in black dress taking picture of children in front of flowers .
young skateboarding boy flips his board while performing a stunt .
a man carries many bags filled with items as he smiles for the camera .
four people at a holiday party at night .
"a man rides a bicycle on a small bridge over a body of water , possibly a swamp ."
an italian athlete posing on the field .
small show dog just ran through an orange flexible tube .
a smiling woman with her eyes closed is swinging on a tire swing .
a young boy in a yellow shirt draws with a blue crayon at a small fold-out table .
a little boy with blond-hair is sitting on the floor cutting something with scissors .
two men play backgammon while a third looks on on a sidewalk .
a young boy is in an overgrown field with a toy lawn mower .
a stage with a large screen and a crowd of around 100 people .
there is a highly populated beach with clear water .
the dog has his tongue sticking out and walking in the grass .
three sailboats in a sailing race .
a woman in a striped shirt uses a cutting board and knives to cut some vegetables .
a man and a woman standing in front of a black station wagon .
"a woman in a short , sleeveless bright orange dress and black leggings sits on a cement bench looking down , with numerous bicycles parked behind her ."
a cyclist in a red uniform rounding a curve on his bike .
an older man carries the olympic torch for the london 2012 olympics past a group of spectators .
a man in an olympic outfit is carrying the london 2012 torch down a street .
three people smile as they wait for their race to start .
a mob has gathered in protest; one woman carries a sign in hebrew .
a female acrobat wearing a red and white striped shirt and blue pants performs on a pole .
man holding a cup and toilet brush next to a urinal .
"a man in a blue shirt is talking on a microphone , in front of people sitting down ."
man in a helmet riding his bike .
two men painting graffiti on a wall .
asian man in red and black playing basketball .
a man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse .
parents get involved in the outdoor musical festivities by helping children play hand drums .
a woman is standing next to a painting she may have just painted .
a female is singing into a microphone during an outdoor rock band concert .
a professor in front of his class giving a lecture .
"there are four men , three sitting and one standing , wearing the same dark blue uniform ."
"a clown is playing in a park with bubbles , while a young child is playing ."
a bicyclist in red pushes her bicycle .
"an old , perhaps homeless , man is sitting at a table with a glass in front of him ."
people in costumes wait to perform at an event .
a man in a white shirt is on his cellphone by the gate .
motorcycle police officer rides in a parade .
two men in red shirts are standing with a man in a black shirt .
a man is grinding his skateboard on a guard rail .
a woman is participating in a workout class involving kickboxing-style movements .
a young boy with a green bag stands behind a pole in a subway station .
a woman plays bass and sings with her bandmate with is a man playing guitar and the drummer plays in the background .
the small boy is running and smiling .
a man wearing all white with gold stripes holding a golden torching waving at the crowd .
an elderly man at some political rally holding a sign thanking our troops .
"person driving a  "" one-man ""  atv pops it to two wheels in the sands ."
a man is riding an atv through the desert .
a dune buggy with one male passenger gets some air as it drives over a sand dune .
"a experienced quad rider , speeding up some sand dunes ."
an asian man is wearing a kimono while practicing his martial arts with a fellow colleague .
a young schoolgirl is smiling at the camera .
"a group of kids on a merry-go-round , playing at the park ."
a group of people playing carnival games .
profile view of a man with a brown pipe in his mouth .
a little boy smiling and riding in a shovel .
a little girl has dunked her head in a bowl of water .
the pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball .
"the #5 baseball player from the green team attempts to make the catch as the #7 gray team player crosses the base , with the umpire looking on to make the call ."
"a man plays with a baby , holding him up into the air ."
two girls and a guy are involved in a pie eating contest .
a short-haired man is jumping while on top of a huge boulder .
"in what appears to be a patriotic parade , a man riding a vehicle is holding a little girl and american flags abound ."
"men wearing aprons , hats and sunglasses are grilling ."
a group of people are sitting at a long table with wineglasses .
a young boy splashing an older person with a bottle of water
"a man and a woman are each playing acoustic guitars on stage , surrounded by speakers and microphones ."
an adult man in camouflage is helping a small child hold a rifle .
a man sewing a garment with an antique sewing machine .
a child is squirted with water while older people sit and watch .
a man and a woman ice skating on a rink .
three men in hard hats guide large machinery .
a young couple sits in a part eating ice cream as children play and other people enjoy themselves around them .
people enjoy relaxation and reading in this green and shady spot .
young man on a surfboard rides a rough wave .
"baseball player #38 , morse is seen standing and looking at the pitcher ."
a man in a yellow shirt fills some barrels with a small scoop .
"two girls looking out the window at  "" hair at hart. "" "
"bruce springsteen , dressed in black , is holding a microphone and pointing to a crowd ."
a seated man fires a gun .
a bowler has just released a bowling ball down the alley toward the pins .
a surfer riding the top of a wave in the ocean .
"a surfer is surfing a large wave on a white surfboard , wearing a black and red bodysuit ."
"a man surfing on a wave , hanging ten ."
there is five horse back riders riding through a valley on a trail in the sunlight
a woman and a child are at a crowded airport .
a fat police officer and a fat lady sitting together while the police officer flips through paperwork .
a guy is flinging water out of a pale into a fountain .
many uniformed cyclists are going down a street passing cars parked on the side of the road .
a woman and young girl climbing a grassy hill .
a little boy in a toy room wearing batman pajamas is building something with toys .
a man with a long beard playing a guitar .
a woman in a red tank top and a men 's  health hat is sitting on the ground eating her lunch .
a brown and black yorkie is playing with a red ball .
a man is making pottery and peering closely at the object he is making .
"a paintballer , is ducking under a red barrier ."
"some of the ten children have juice boxes , one has a volleyball ."
two men in orange safety vests paint a curb white .
a child watches a man shape a ceramic object on a potter 's  wheel .
a woman performing the violin in a concert .
two men in sunglasses look at something in front of them .
a guy leaning his arm on a chair with his eyes closed .
"an african american base player wearing a blue shirt , being backed up by a drummer ."
bicycle riders in number riding down in a parade .
a team of people putting their hands in the middle .
a young girl doing a back flip in the water .
a woman in a bikini is in the water jumping in the air as she holds a zebra balloon .
a woman celebrating after she bowled a frame at a bowling alley .
a food service person is giving a customer their double scoop ice cream in a cone .
a bicyclist rides by as an audience watches behind a banner .
two men in white uniforms and blue helmets are playing on a ball field .
a boy is relaxing in a hammock by a river .
a child is standing on a footstool in a kitchen at the kitchen counter .
a male golfer tries to hit the golf ball out of a sand trap .
"a football , or soccer , team is celebrating a victory as one player jumps onto the back of another ."
a band consisting of one female and three males plays during the day .
two children wearing sunglasses sit outside of a plastic tent .
tennis player in white swinging her racket .
a young man is outside holding a coil of wire .
two bicyclists in a race wearing helmets with bystanders in the background .
man riding on bicycle with white and green bike shirt and helmet .
the kid is in the water holding on to a floating tube .
"a swimmer , with a blue cap and blue goggles , swims in calm water ."
people stand around at some sort of gathering .
a young boy is rock climbing while suspended in a harness .
a man is looking at ducks hanging through a window of an ethnic food store .
kids are always a pleasure to be around and to smile about .
a woman and little girl look into a display case .
the light brown dog with white spots is nibbling on the girls hand .
young girl carries a bouquet of flowers .
a family of three bask in the sun in a park .
man shaving another man 's  face with a straight blade razor .
a shirtless man is scooping away sand with a pink scoop while a little girl watches .
guy does rollerblading and loves it
a young man in a gray hoodie and a flower on his head striking a pose after a meal .
a female spins in a white dress .
a crowd leans against barriers along side a road while a police officer on a motorcycle drives by .
man in yellow shirt is holding a microphone .
a man wearing swimming trunks is jumping off a large rock into a body of water .
a boy is swimming breaststroke at a swim meet .
a blond-haired girl wearing a beanie blowing bubbles in a garden .
a group of tanned people at a stand with vegetables .
a woman sits on a piece of art furniture .
a little girl in a red rain hat is playing in the mud with several adults .
a group of people cleaning some kins of sea animal .
men are playing basketball in front of a large crowd .
"two ballet dancers , one wearing white and one wearing green , dancing on a stage ."
a man is lifting a woman in a ballet performance .
"in a city in front of a subway , a man skateboards down a stairway as two older ladies sitting on a bench watch him ."
a little girl playing on the beach building a sand castle .
a little girl in a yellow t-shirt sits on a sandy beach playing with her green shovel .
a little girl is sliding down a tunnel smiling .
a lady standing on the sidewalk with images on the wall .
some boys are playing basketball on a court .
a man in a blue hat is sculpting a piece of ice .
two beautiful green flower pots sitting outside .
a little boy walks around with a white t-shirt and black shorts outside .
two men drinking beer in a bar .
two men are shown drinking beer while sitting in folding chairs .
two drunk friends drink another drink with angry faces .
a man in a straw hat and another man in a striped shirt who are both drinking from cups and making funny faces .
two men making funny faces while they drink alcohol .
three young girls are walking hand in hand in a crowd of people .
a man on a motorcycle is riding past utility poles and old dismantled cars
one man grasps a frisbee while another one tries to get it from him in midair .
a fireman in uniform with a mustache and goatee by his firetruck .
a gathering of women wearing white and pink in a public square raising their arms .
a cheerleading squad performing for a crowd at a sporting event .
"two people , one is riding a white horse and the other is riding a brown horse ."
the people are riding on horses .
two people riding horses in a competition with other people on horses in the background .
a man is holding up a foreign newspaper and looking at the camera .
an older man is working on a fishing net .
a man preparing his net for fishing .
a professionally dressed man is sitting on the subway looking at his cellphone .
a man wearing a mask plays music by the side of a road .
a batter is getting ready to hit the ball coming at him .
a girl goes down a yellow slide into a pool .
a man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways .
man sitting on the ground with his child and a stroller
a person is flying through the air on a bicycle after leaving a dirt jump .
there are two people participating in a horseback game .
a band is playing on what looks like a sidewalk rather than a stage .
a woman is pouring drinks at an event .
an older man with a long gray beard sits on a flatbed .
a man with no shirt works on a conveyor belt .
a bike rider is airborne off a jump while another kid on a bike looks on .
the man in the blue shirt is working on the light .
"multiple people are walking by a human statue , who is painted in varying shades of gold ."
two construction workers are welding a metal structure .
"young kids playing soccer on a lush , green field ."
kids playing soccer on a sunny day .
a woman in a gray and blue shirt smiles as she unwraps and cuts into a calzone .
there are three ladies dress in blue stand cheering .
one man and a woman sitting on a table in a restaurant eating dinner
a little boy swimming in a pool with a mask on .
a black man in a gray sweatshirt and jeans is playing on a guitar .
"a sportswoman in a red , white , and blue shirt finishes with a swing ."
"a young man in a white hat is playing golf with an older man wearing a blue , long-sleeved shirt and khakis ."
these are three people picking crops from a field .
"a woman , wearing a dress , while sitting down playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone ."
three males perform acrobatic maneuvers on a beach while spectators look on and take pictures .
a baseball player in a gray uniform has just swung his baseball bat at home plate on a baseball field .
a long line waits eagerly to get into a closed tent .
"two men are bike racing , and the man in front is looking behind at the other rider ."
man digging a shiny object out of sand while others watch .
"two men , one wearing white trunks and the other wearing red boxing ."
a child naps on a rock in the middle of a steam .
a woman in a green shirt reads a dr. seuss book to three children .
three men examining clothing in a clothing shop .
"a cowboy is tipping his hat with two other rodeo cowboys , one in a pink shirt , another in a white shirt , both horseback , in action , in the middle of a rodeo arena ."
an asian woman is waving and leaning out of a trolley .
"a pause in a speech at the baseball hall of fame caused by , what appears to be , an emotional moment ."
a street worker driving a machine to level the wet concrete .
a woman in a 3rd world country using a saw to cut through a steel bar .
two polo players riding horses play polo .
a small dog with a red ribbon on its head walks through the grass .
a polo player cradles a ball while riding a horse .
a bald man in white sunglasses and a green shirt rides a comically small yellow bike .
a man parasailing in rough waters .
two guys with blue vests seated in inflated boats named crushers that are on the open ocean .
a waterskier is waving at the camera happily .
a rock and roll concert ensues as a guitarist steals the spotlight .
an asian woman with a red umbrella walks through a crowded marketplace .
three men works dressed in orange and green uniforms sit under a tree for a well deserved break .
a man in a white shirt dunks a basketball when a small crowd looks on .
this group of young people is sitting on the floor .
a crowd watches two women cycle down the street .
cyclists are focused straight ahead as they ride along a street with onlookers watching from behind barricades .
bicyclists racing in a marathon with spectators viewing .
a focused man wearing black leads the pack in this bike race .
sea coastguards are in the blue waters again always ready to save lives .
one young woman in a blue uniform helping another young woman in a blue sweatshirt with a white band around her arm .
two men stand conversing in front of a british airways airplane .
a woman wearing red leggings and a white shirt hangs upside down from a metal structure .
a man wearing a white shirt is skateboarding downhill on a road .
closeup of a cyclist wearing yellow and riding in front of a crowd sitting behind a red sign .
two bicyclist riding their bikes outside on a track .
a woman in a suit is standing at a podium while speaking .
a woman is throwing champagne onto a group of people .
many people ride bicycles in helmets as fans spectate and cheer them on .
a group of bicyclists ride down the race route while the crowd looks on .
"a soccer game is underway between the red and green team , and the blue team ."
the man in red is propelling down the waterfall .
a horse and jockey in the middle of a horse race .
people riding in a cyclothon in biking suits and professional helmets .
young women enjoying the view from the bridge at local festival .
the gentlemen are on the boat deck relaxing .
a man in a blue hard hat and orange shirt is fixing the siding of a road .
two children and a man on a boulder .
trucks surrounding workers in the middle of a street .
a man lining up a shot in snooker .
a lady in an orange dress rides a ride at the fair .
a hockey player in a blue shirt scoring a goal against a team in white shirts .
"six hockey players , three white and three blue , skate around the white team 's  goal ."
a young man soars through the air on a surfboard .
the baseball game is being played on a cool semi cloudy night .
a man carrying an olympic torch with a brick building in the background .
"two men , both in red shirts , one in midair while they are playing basketball ."
two children playing on a metal slide .
"a group of team great britain cyclists , try to pedal their way into victory ."
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .
two girls are competing and one wearing blue is on the floor while the one wearing white is on top of her .
a man on a motor cross bike jumping a dirt mound .
a skateboarder who is wearing a red shirt and knee pads is skating on a steep ramp .
a lady with a yellow blouse and glasses at a desk with a laptop computer .
a man in a red shirt and jeans is dancing with a woman in a blue and white dress in the street .
two cyclists racing to the finish line .
two martial artists are competing against one another on the mat while in the background people record this and take pictures .
a young lady is getting ready to sing into a microphone .
three guys in blue and gold enjoying a game .
a group of bikers head out the gates in a london 2012 bike race .
"five men in red shirts , in a line , on a basketball court , four with hands on their hearts , and same four looking upward ."
a basketball player from team usa dunks the ball !
a lacrosse game features two players in blue and orange playing for a goal .
a young flower girl and ring bearer await their cue to walk down the aisle .
a young asian female plays on her cellphone with her back to her family and meal .
chairs have been placed in front of a building .
the oakland athletics player trying to turn a double play as the orioles base runner attempts to break it up .
"a mounted , uniformed officer and his dog walking on a beach ."
careful hair care product application with gloved workers .
a young child is standing on a hill above a small impoverished village
"three bicyclists racing down a busy street in the rain , with a red bmw and a motorcycle approaching from behind ."
one asian cook watches another cook on a griddle in a commercial kitchen .
"in an area with 2 army planes , 2 men , one in uniform and one in heavy clothing , train a black and brown dog ."
a few soccer players intently watch the ball and goalie .
a man in a red and black life vest kayaks down a rapids .
person wearing a blue shirt and black helmet in a kayak in turbulent water .
two women and a young man digging up dirt and putting it in a wheelbarrow .
an african american man wearing navy blue and red is shooting a basketball .
"a modern sport archer draws back an arrow , taking aim ."
five boys in blue shirts drawing at a table .
"two argentina basketball players , one incredibly happy , and the other a little frustrated , with their coach clapping for one of the players and a female manager walking off the court smiling ."
a crowd of various people walking through a marketplace .
a man wearing a uniform and red glasses holds a rifle .
a man lifting a large weight and screaming .
female tennis player in green shorts and red shirt serving on a grass court at 126 kilometers per hour .
a sweaty drummer is beating on his drums .
fatigued road biker pushing towards the finish line being cheered on .
woman posing in her booth during the london 2012 olympics
two patriotic women in the back of a classic convertible ride along in a small parade .
people gathering for the delwood neighborhood annual 4th of july celebration .
a dog with white fur is moving through deep murky water .
"a jockey , atop their horse , is in mid jump in an equestrian competition ."
lebron james passes a basketball while wearing a usa jersey while 4 opponents stand nearby .
an older man sits on the rocks and looks on as the younger man investigates what is in the water .
"three men , one wearing a hat and two who are not , are kneeling on the ground digging in the dirt surrounding a cement platform ."
a group of three indigenous women rest in the shade while their children peek out of a doorway .
a man who is wearing the same colors as the bike is riding down the street .
two female volleyball teams are competing in a volleyball game with spectators in the background .
"two teams of women , one wearing blue and red the other wearing red and white , playing volleyball ."
two girls teams are playing volleyball .
women 's  volleyball at the olympics is very intense .
this man just got done shooting his gun .
two people dressed in fencing gear are sword fighting .
a fencing match between russia and italy .
two people in white outfits are having a fencing match .
two young boys are playing in the sand near the ocean .
a woman wearing an apron and plastic gloves is lifting the lid off of a baked good .
janitor cleans off diving board with broom at night .
a group of bike riders are riding in an athletic event .
several men wearing different colors are having a bike rally .
two cars round a lap in a professional race .
three brightly colored cars are racing around a track .
"two fencers , one korean and one american , in an epee bout ."
men in black and blue run in the background as soldier do push ups in the foreground .
"a man on a surfboard is surfing , while a large wave is crashing ."
a young girl waves to the camera while riding a ferris wheel .
a woman in a red jersey is playing basketball .
the wrestler had the advantage over his canadian opponent .
"a barefoot woman , clad in colorful clothing , stands in front of tree ."
one basketball player wearing a white jersey trying to pass the basketball into bounds while the other team blocks him .
a person is driving a red and black race car .
a bald man in a blue shirt spray paints graffiti on a wall
"a little girl wearing a white sweater , seated in front of a colorful cake , she laughs with an upward gaze ."
two women engaged in a martial arts match before a crowd .
a martial art tournament in session while there are referees in the sidelines keeping watch .
a athlete runs across the racing lanes on a track .
two men are jumping over hurdles on a red track while other people are watching and photographing them .
runners running down a track during a race .
a film crew documents a female track-and-field athlete in the act of throwing a javelin .
a goalie diving for a soccer ball on a soccer field while the kicker watches .
two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain .
six men are running a race during the 2012 london olympics .
a female athlete is using a throwing device for a sport .
athletes running in a race .
a runner in green shoes takes the lead in a race against a runner in red shorts .
five young lady getting ready to run the 100m dash
four people are sitting on a rock out in a body of water .
a man in a black hat playing an accordion .
a man is riding a bucking horse in a rodeo arena .
a cowboy is roping a calf in a rodeo .
two white males playing squash or something with a small ball and a each have a paddle .
a man reaches across another while playing a sport outside .
"two women are sitting beside one another , one holding a baby and the other holding a small dog ."
"lebron james , playing for team usa , is attempting a layup from underneath the basket ."
"on an overcast day , two young girls , laugh and play along the wet sands of a beach ."
"a girl in the volleyball challenge , at the 2012 london olympics ."
three girls are outside in a sandy area playing volleyball while a seated woman in the background photographs them .
a pitcher in red uniform is shown after throwing the baseball .
two little girls on a stone path holding stuffed animals .
a man is parasailing with mountains in the background .
onlookers are praying that the cowboy does not fall off the bull in the rodeo .
a child jumps over ocean waves at a beach .
player in light gray uniform reaches head first for baseball plate while catcher in yellow top reaches arm to tag him .
a group of archaeologists examining a dig site .
a man with a number one on his dirt-bike rides around the track .
this is a group of women playing volleyball in sports bikinis .
four women in swimsuits playing volleyball on a beach with cameramen recording in the background .
four female athletes play beach volleyball at the london 2012 olympics .
a surfer rides his surfboard at the start of a wave .
two men singing in a dark club .
a rally car bears down on the camera while kicking up a plume of dust .
a female athlete with the number 43 on her calf runs .
a female runner with sunglasses and green with white athletic clothes is running .
a group of teams competing in loggers sports in british columbia .
a young girl with gunk on her face sits on a sink while making faces in the mirror .
two woman play volleyball at the beach .
a volleyball player wearing a blue bikini is preparing to spike the ball .
a young man carefully prepares to take a pool shot
they are two people wearing sunglasses and a helmets standing behind a big gun .
"at a table with her colleagues , a woman in a u.s. army uniform fills in a chart ."
a flaming red-haired middle-aged woman with pale skin is standing in front of a brick wall .
"someone , wearing a flag as a cape , is carrying 6 beers ."
a child in the middle of a city courtyard in front of some stairs is flying his kite .
a white dog is jumping up at a jet of water .
an athlete sprints down a runway in preparation for hurling a javelin in track and field .
a girl with a giant bucket of flowers .
there is an african american man playing saxophone in an outdoor setting .
a man is skim boarding on the shore .
a man frolics in the golden surf along a beach at sunset .
a person is walking in the ocean waves .
a woman from france prepares to shoot her bow and arrow with a woman from the united states behind her .
the man in orange just released his arrow .
a young child holding a rawlings football in the middle of a grassy field .
a person with a red jacket and crosscountry skis is walking up a mountain .
three children watch amphibians in an aquarium while taking photos and eating popsicles .
the base runner attempts to make it safely to the bag .
a young person is coloring and drawing on the sidewalk with pink chalk .
a gentlemen is giving a presentation via powerpoint .
all the people in the park are trying to make themselves comfortable to enjoy the program set for them .
a graceful basketball player stands at the two point line as she throws the ball .
two guys stop to take a picture while holding a flag .
the man leaps above the other team to spike the ball .
a man in green is setting the ball during a pro volleyball game .
the man is aiming in on his target .
an airman hugs a young girl while on the runway .
two sports teams competing against each other .
"a man in a black uniform , covered in mud , tugs on the purple uniform of another rugby player ."
a baseball player swings his bat to hit a baseball .
there is a woman in a blue dress in this picture who appears to be traveling and waiting for a subway to arrive .
a lacrosse player tumbles in mid-game while others approach .
a man in jeans and a dark t-shirt is working on a train with an oil pot .
racer riding a motorcycle with the racetrack in the background .
a black man in a blue shirt plays a drum with his hands .
young boy sitting on a red saddle on a horse .
three women in red on the russian basketball team going after the basketball .
three men push water off of a baseball field .
two people competing in a bicycle race pass on the roadway .
a group travels on the back of camels .
a volleyball player 's  sunglasses show the reflection of the volleyball that is in front of her face .
a gold medalist is celebrating his win next to his teammate with cameras surrounding him .
black and white photo of a girl with short shorts running in the rain with a hoodie on .
"one girl , wearing a watch , fixing the hair of another girl ."
several people are working together in a wooded area .
two woman playing a game of basketball .
two construction workers leaning against the guard rail of a construction site .
boy in a float ring in an indoor pool looking at the camera .
two males and a female are sitting at a table at a bar and two are drinking beer .
a woman serving a tennis ball .
several workers trudging down a dimly lit subway tunnel .
a white guy with sunglasses is singing with a microphone .
"two men; one with a red shirt and solid red ball , and the other with a black shirt and a purple striped ball , getting ready to take a pool shot on a pool table ."
a man wearing gray plays pool in a bar .
a lady with long brown hair is wearing a tan sweater and is sitting on a couch with a man .
mother holding newborn infant between her grandparents while sitting on a couch .
stevie wonder is performing on stage at one of his many wonderful concerts .
two young girls pet a small horse .
a person is cutting vegetables on a cutting board in a kitchen .
opposing players challenge each other in a game of ultimate frisbee .
a man in yellow shorts is leaping in the air to catch a frisbee .
he 's  running his heart out for the love of his life .
"two men , one with goggles , are swimming next to each other ."
two white women playing tennis in front of a large crowd .
"two bikers , one in black and the other with a red shirt ride down a street ."
two bicyclists in spandex and helmets in a race pedaling uphill .
"a bicycle race , with bicycle riders dressed in multicolor uniforms , with a man recording it ."
a couple with their eyes closed dances as people watch .
an olympic cyclist with the number 9 from espania riding down a dirt path .
a male badminton player reaching to backhand the shuttlecock at an olympic event .
an african american singer performs on stage with a piano and several microphones in the background .
a bmx rider in the middle of a jump as the crowd below watches .
"two women in long , wool skirts are surrounded by goats outside on a farm ."
a man sits as a man behind him washes a bus .
two woman with headdress talking in the foreground with two men in a different kind of headdress in the background .
several people with head shawls on in a crowded busy market .
large brown dog playing with a white soccer ball in the grass .
two people fencing at the 2012 london olympics .
"an olympic athlete is navigating a slalom course in a kayak , carefully maneuvering around two striped poles ."
the olympics running event shoot from far away to show the massive crowd .
two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather .
"worlds first , and only middle eastern skateboard enthusiast ."
a man in a hockey uniform covered in advertisements guiding a puck down the rink .
a girl holding her leg up by her side .
"a young woman does an acrobatic move on one hand , in an empty pool ."
a man is riding a dirt bike with the number 3 on it .
a young child sits on a rug and plays with a wooden puzzle game .
a vibrant tracker hikes through a scenic trail .
a hiker jogs down a rocky road while blue skies and mountains cross the horizon .
a woman on a stage faces a packed audience of people .
a lone person is surfing a medium-sized wave .
a man in an orange kayak paddles through splashing water .
people in blue uniforms stand on the street as observers watch from the sidewalk .
a man preparing to bat in a baseball game .
a closeup shot of a guitar player on his knees with the rest of the band behind him .
a woman on a gray and white horse is jumping over an obstacle .
a man wearing an orange jersey and a woman wearing brown are playing a board game .
foursome plays a board or card game seated at a table .
a woman and man are opening a mixer box .
a woman is loading the dishwasher in the evening after dinner .
an older man in a gray sweater and blue pants is shaping something in a forge on an anvil .
crowd outside at night walking to their destination .
"several young people , including a young woman in a green and pink dress , sing and dance ."
three girls performing a routine on stage .
two young men are performing a modern dance routine .
two teams of hockey players playing a game .
a man with gray hair is sitting at a table .
a man tries to keep balance while surfing
teenage girls from different high schools compete in a race on a well-maintained field .
a group of athlete running in a race .
a person on a surfboard with a paddle in a lake while two other people follow close behind in a boat .
a child in a vest and hat is posing for a picture .
the girl in red is taking her turn in the monopoly game .
a man in a green and white shirt and khakis skateboarding near sunset .
the young boy in the red and blue outfit is poised in midair .
dark-skinned native men play chess while seated on the ground .
two green shirted soccer players attempt to secure the soccer ball from a player dressed in white .
two football players chase the ball in packed stadium in a contest between the united states and canada .
a woman wearing a pink shirt and yellow helmet paddles around in a pink kayak .
a little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds .
three people are riding motocross bikes along a dirt path .
"dirt biker on a professional riding course near an airport , composed of dirt ."
"well above the mountains timberline , this young woman seems to be safely equipped for scaling the sheer mountain wall ."
a rock climber admiring the beautiful scene of a snowcapped mountaintop .
the rock climber stands precariously on the face of a huge rock and adjusts his gear .
a man is performing in the street playing two instruments at the same time .
a surfer digs his board deep in the water to cut the wave he is riding .
a couple takes in the view at the water at dusk .
two teams are competing against each other on a field in a game of soccer .
a baseball pitcher follows through his through .
"one helmeted man on a mountain bike is coming down a steep , rocky path ."
a white guy in black biking gear is riding through the forest .
three people stand outside a fast food joint with their drinks .
a woman sings while a man plays the bongo 's  .
beautiful little girl holding up her hat with one finger is getting her picture taken out in a gorgeous field .
a woman enjoying the breeze of a primitive fan .
the girl dressed in pink is bowing down on one knee .
an asian women is practicing martial arts in a pink uniform .
"a small child wearing steamed goggles , leans against a green floating device while resting in water ."
two people racing on a bmx track .
four paddlers wearing orange and white jerseys row furiously as the seated audience watches the race .
a girl is on the sidewalk looking at a white van in the street .
a woman with a heart tattoo on her calf is riding her bike past a cornfield .
1 man riding a bike through the country .
a young woman wearing tan pants is touching her shoe .
a performance artist suspended upside down from red ribbons .
a group of people are watching a band play music while one lady tries to take a picture of them .
a woman in a bicycle race is watched by a crowd .
car number 14 has thrown up a lot of dirt behind it .
"there is a small child , wearing a yellow life jacket , carrying a flotation device , on the beach ."
three amputees in wheelchairs racing competitively on a track .
it is two track runners that just got done running a track race .
three track runners are in the process of crossing the finish line during an olympic type sporting event .
a person scales the rock while another focuses on equipment .
a man looking very fatigued on the side of a cliff ready to climb to the top .
a male athlete in red and yellow is diving toward a badminton birdie .
a tennis player is competing in the london 2012 olympics and is leaping off the ground while swinging the racket .
a badminton player from china is sprawled out on the badminton court with his racket close by .
two women and two boys dressed in pink stand outside a shop selling brightly colored clothing .
two small children walking through tall grass in the woods .
a matador teasing an injured bull with his red cape in a tournament .
a man singing and playing drums with his back-up group .
a team of race car drivers in a ford emblazoned with mayores negotiates a turn on a gravel road .
a race car making a quick turn in a wooded area .
a man is jumping with the ball in hand during a pick up basketball game .
a man is going for a rebound in an outdoor game of basketball .
a man that has removed his shoes to kneel on a mat .
a man play an instrument surrounded my other men .
a man is playing a hand drum on his last with other people in a band .
a soccer player jumping over the defender .
"two runners , one black and one white , are on the track running very close in competition ."
a young lady sitting on a rock in the middle of a lake .
a man in ornate tribal attire sings against a feathery orange background .
"a boy enjoying the sun , as the people in the back enjoy the ocean ."
a black man in a blue shirt hold his baby in a blue wrap .
"young man skating while a crowd looks on , in an amusement park ."
a little girl in a highchair has food all over her lower face and her finger in her mouth .
a young person doing a high-flying bike trick with his or her arms out .
quarterback tim tebow is throwing a pass as his team guards against the opposing team .
young girl walking across the sand in a blue dress carrying her shoes
a woman in a cowgirl hat is kneeling on a horse 's  saddle while holding her hand over her heart .
three people are using washington mutual atm machines .
"a man in blue , and a woman in white , are dancing with another couple dancing in the background ."
a man fishes on a bridge .
five men are siting on a picnic table with a forest in the background .
man surfing on a wave in the ocean
one of the members of kiss playing a white electric guitar in front of a black background .
a girl is dressed in a wild outfit dancing .
a german shepherd dog following another german shepherd who has a stick in its mouth .
a woman goes over some material in a book with a teen .
person in a red diving suit suspended from a helicopter .
"a child , in a blue raincoat , rides a bicycle on a blacktop road ."
a woman with a pink uniform is standing on a volleyball court .
a person driving a go-kart turning to his or her left .
a red car is parked next to a black bull in a grassy field .
a cyclist is rounding a corner on a wet road .
a man in a bicycle throws his hands up in victory as he crosses the finish line .
"three young boys playing with tires , with adult close by ."
people are playing water polo and the ball is close to the goalie .
a male skateboarder performs a stunt over a bicycle rake .
a group of people are outside playing basketball while the sun sets in the background .
two fences in full gear are practicing sparring .
two people participating in a fencing activity are being watched by a third person sitting on bleachers .
a man singing on a microphone wearing a pink shirt .
"two teams , one in blue and once in white , are tackling each other to get control of the ball in this sports game ."
an umpire getting ready to make a close call in a baseball game .
a musical performer in a black dress praises her crowd as red lights flash and her band plays .
two artist spray painting a mural on a concrete wall
"a group of young blond children , one carrying a rifle , poses in front of a house ."
two people are running in a competition on a track .
"the athlete in lane 5 , records a dominate win at the 2012 paralympics ."
a professional wheelchair race with a clear leader in lane 6 .
a group of women in highly decorate attire and silver high heels are walking down a street .
three uniquely dressed women dancing in a parade .
an asian woman rings stands over the kitchen sink doing dishes .
a male is wearing a black t-shirt while playing a bass guitar in a concert .
a person walking on a trail with a red shirt and blue hat on .
excited bystanders in london cheer for the road runner .
female ballerina doing a pose up on her toes of foot in a large room with a red floor .
a little girl tying a little boy 's  shoe in the street .
the men are playing instruments and pointing at the audience .
a bright red race car is speeding past .
para-olympians representing south africa in track and field celebrate after a race .
a car race is taking place on a track .
a man is sitting in a folding chair at a car shop while others look at cars in the background .
two men in jerseys race in a track and field athletic event .
two men are kayaking in yellow kayaks in a race .
a man in a blue shirt is looking at rocks and trees .
a rodeo bull rider and a helper have more than they can handle in an outdoor rodeo show .
a couple standing on the deck of a boat watching the water .
a man and woman sit at the end of a small dock along the water .
man and a child in gray pajamas playing with a model car track .
"there are two football players , one wearing a blue and yellow uniform holds the ball , and the other wears a white uniform ."
football players in the middle of a game .
a woman in a red dress is signing while a man in a suit is playing the saxophone .
a group of young males play soccer .
a skier in blue pants and red snow goggles heads backwards down the slope .
two teams are competing at wheelchair basketball while seated in specialty chairs .
a man and a little girl shaking hands on the game field .
cheerleaders arrange themselves into a human pyramid .
man with long pole that has a basket of fire on the tip outside in front of two elephants .
this is a young football player in mid run .
"a men 's  track meet with eight competitors , every other runner wearing orange ."
mother and daughter posing for a photo after winning an award
a man in a white suit on a stage interacts with a small crowd of people wanting autographs .
jackie chan speaks to women at an olympic event .
a group of 7 young people at the beach jump in the air throwing their shoes .
a group of bicyclists are competing in a race .
"2 men are dressed in yellow and wearing scarves to conceal their identity , one of them is levitating over the top of the other one while people watch in an busy outdoor shopping center ."
two men playing soccer on a field .
a woman picking up a couple plates of food from the table .
someone is riding a bright green dirt bike through the grass .
a dirt bike racer rides number 63 across a dirt path in the woods .
six mature asian men smiling to the camera in their seats .
a surfer in a black wetsuit rides the waves with the shore in the distance .
a guy riding a gnarly five foot wave all the way to the shore
"two young ladies affectionately hugging each other with their faces touching , as they smile at each other ."
a group of kids playing football wall their parents watch .
two teams play a game of football; the yellow helmet team has possession of the ball and is advancing .
a man is swinging a strike in a baseball game .
"a baseball pitcher has just pitched the ball in a full stadium , there is a crowd of fans wearing teal ."
an asian man on a brick street tending to food on the ground .
a man in a blue and black wetsuit sailing in a blue ocean .
girl in red shirt blowing a bubble
a teenager jumps his bicycle over a ramp in front of a cream-colored apartment building .
three men are standing on a platform .
"a crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white , yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below ."
a group of people inside a stadium watch a sporting event .
people cheer on football teams at a football game in a stadium .
this is an athlete on a bicycle during a race .
regal horse and white carriage scene with female driver and two blond little flower girls dressed in white .
customers look at products during an open air market of fruit and vegetables .
a man in a white shirt is performing a high kick with his right leg .
a man is weightlifting with a kettlebell in a gym .
"picture of 2 bikers , racing back to back , probably in motor cross competition ."
a female dentist with an elderly male patient .
a young girl swings on a swing set in front of grass and trees .
a live performance of two artists .
a boy plays in a pool with an inflatable toy .
"two men in red shirts race on bicycles , while others watch ."
"three young boys playing hear no evil , speak no evil , see no evil"
a young girl holding a boogie board at the beach
a young boy is sleeping on a blue and green striped pillow at night .
a family is praying to an ornate statue .
a football player attempts to run around an on coming tackler from the other team .
atv racer leans into the corner to maintain his balance
"an atv rider , speeds around a corner , while sliding and kicking up dirt-still focused on the trail ahead ."
a male surfer on a white surfboard rides a wave .
"two motorcycle racers , in full gear , are turning a tight corner on a track ."
a person wearing red and black leathers riding a motorcycle .
"a bearded man , dressed in jeans and a jacket , is preparing to play a flute instrument on the sidewalk ."
six men in a large canoe-type boat on calm waters .
"on a beautiful sunny day , this young man is performing the sport called waterskiing ."
a child in an orange outfit stands holding flowers .
"a man , holding a pool stick , playing pool in a dimly lit room ."
a cyclist rides down the road closely followed by a car .
a cyclist in red and black racing gear with an aerodynamic helmet is going down a road .
"a blond , female soccer player prepares to kick the soccer ball ."
a baseball player wearing a white and red uniform is readying himself to bat during an evening baseball game .
a man and woman at a produce stand .
"a shirtless man wearing a cross necklace walks away from a brown brick building , with a chainsaw in the background ."
"a woman with blond-hair wearing a red , white , and blue cheerleading outfit holds white t-shirt to pass out ."
players from a girl 's  volleyball team are huddling on the volleyball court .
the racer zooms past the wooded area leaving a cloud of dust .
an older man wearing gloves is sitting at a party near two women dressed in evening attire .
2 men washing the deck of a boat with a hose .
two people are on a rock overlooking the ocean
two young children look at the sidewalk that they stand on
"a motorcyclist speeds down a racing course , with no other riders in sight ."
young fans raise their hands while listening to a female entertainer .
an asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan .
women in a hat a making selling goods .
a woman sits in a market stall with three large trays of produce in front of her .
bmx racers riding down a steep hill on a race course .
a defensive football player from wisconsin almost sacking the utep quarterback before he got rid of the ball .
women in roller derby are in the middle of a bout .
"two girls , on in red and black , the other in blue and yellow , play soccer ."
a man in blue cap and jacket looks frustrated .
a woman dressed in pink is in a stance with one leg off the ground and one arm in the air .
a very young child next to a vending machine
two bikers a riding along a street in a marathon as the passersby clap for them .
cheerleaders wearing white hold silver and blue pompoms as they wait .
two woman talk behind a bar with bottles and glasses in the background .
"an orange shirted , male golfer , has just completed a swing in front of a large crowd ."
"a man wearing orange and blue has just hit a golf ball , as a group in similar uniforms look on ."
a man playing golf with his hands in the air .
two guys in bright blue t-shirts and shorts with white lettering and sport stripes appear to be running and actively engaged in a game .
a guy in racing gear gets air while riding a yellow atv .
"many hockey players are bunched up around the goal , the goalie is in a crouched position and one player wearing a red and white jersey appears to be celebrating ."
two baseball players trying to catch a ball in the outfield .
there is a bicycle showdown as many bikers race in a paved road as the onlookers watch .
a man riding a bicycle during a race with crowds cheering him on
an asian table tennis player is eagerly watching and waiting for his opponent serves the ball .
a group of man are sitting outside playing music .
two people sit on a bench leaned against a building with writing on it .
a group of football players try to tackle another player .
a shot of bicyclists in a race with the background blurred by their speed .
somebody is riding a bike in a bike race .
a man in black pants and a blue jacket watches a woman sitting on a hardwood floor in a brown jacket watch six tvs of varying sizes .
a young football player watches a game with his coach .
"three football players and a referee squatting during a game , while adults watch in lawn chairs from the sidelines ."
the climber trying to climb the big rock
"a girl in red shorts walks down a street , passing by a building with many green plants on the walls ."
a blond woman on a playing field holds her polo stick at the ready .
a baby in a green shirt is holding onto a shoulder .
a woman wearing a red blouse and a short is standing looking far ahead
"a middle-aged man with a broken left arm wearing a suit , who is walking by a couple of women on a sidewalk ."
a large group of people in red uniforms are playing in a band .
monster truck flies over grassy knolls on a sunny afternoon .
a man riding a dirt bike takes a turn on a large dirt covered course .
"in a football match , a panthers player falls forward into a somersault while gripping the football ."
a football player 94 tackles an opponent .
a football player jumps over fallen players to continue his run .
a soccer game or a football game
male soccer players from two teams walk on a soccer field with fans in the stadium seats watching .
two dogs fight over a ball that 's  in a puddle .
two man in their 60s playing checkers at the park
"a person with a red shirt , khaki pants , and a hat climb a mountainside ."
"two soccer teams , one team is wearing green and white , while the other team is wearing black , red , and white ."
several men are playing soccer professionally outdoors
a worker is being scolded by her boss in a stern lecture .
this lady is practicing her high jump on her new bicycle .
someone in a helmet doing a jump on a bike over a large mound of dirt .
a young girl in a karate competition .
a bmx dirt rider gets extremely high in the air while looking downward at his descent .
a surfer rides a wave on a large surfboard .
"a few people are waiting in a subway station , with an arriving car in the distance ."
a man surfing in the ocean .
a child with a rubber noodle is coached by two men wearing rubber clown noses .
an older man uses a mountain bike on a trail .
a person riding their bicycle up a dirt mound while two other people are in the background watching .
"a synchronized swim team , performing a routine at a competition ."
"a caucasian woman , wearing a black and orange dress , is standing in front of a music stand ."
an orchestra performing for an audience .
a man on a bicycle is falling off of it and over a short ledge .
the petronas racing car and driver driving down a racetrack .
a guitarist and drummer are in the middle of a live performance .
old bald man with a beard sitting down playing the flute .
two girls in white dresses stand on a cobbled road next to a carriage and two brown horses .
a young man on a bicycling is jumping up the stairs on his bike .
"man wearing sandals leaning against a tree , with other people in the background ."
a young man raises his skateboard at the crest of a skating ramp .
three children are all smiles as they stand behind bars and pose for the camera .
two baseball players in striped uniforms are hugging .
two players from the new york yankees are hugging while the players around them cheer .
a baseball player sliding to catch a ground ball .
a baseball player sliding into a base while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball .
a man with glasses smokes a cigarette .
"3 players in a football field playing , one belong to one team and 2 in another ."
"four people are leaning against a fence , looking at a hill ."
men playing a sports game with two men in white on top of a man in black .
the hockey teams take center ice to face off for control of the puck .
a man is sitting on a stoop in front of a door next to an icon .
a girl in ping and a boy in blue walk through a forest trail .
three guys in uniform are teaching nine kids to rightfully walk with spear holding .
these woman are trying out for a dance .
a little girl in a blue dress climbing on some old wood .
a young woman in a blue wrap around scarf sitting in a museum .
a man in a red shirt is straddling the back end of his bike in midair by a tree .
a little boy playing with some sort of pipe .
a male saxophone player belts out a song in the dim light of a local establishment .
people are strolling around a market .
a lady in a pink shirt running on a sunny day .
a little girl sits in a grassy field with a doll at her side .
a man wearing a black and white checkered jacket and white paint around his eyes reaches toward the camera .
a man sits alone while he puts on his makeup .
the photo is of a woman in a police uniform riding a horse .
some dancer in very colorful costumes doing a performance in a busy area .
a man on skis is performing a stunt at an event with many people in the background .
a group of people in white shirts are jogging .
a man in a brown coat and pants stands on a crowded street holding a blue sign about god .
a native american pow wow is being demonstrated to onlookers .
fast fingers fly upon the lively keys belonging to this true to sound yamaha keyboard .
a woman is looking out into the horizon while standing near the water shore .
two swimmers swim neck to neck in the freestyle in swimming lanes .
three people are singing and playing instruments on stage .
a lady on a foreign beach holding a food tray .
a person is parasailing over a body of water and wooded area .
people partying in an auditorium and one girl is holding up an umbrella .
a young girl in white wearing a baseball mitt prepares to throw a green ball .
a group of bicyclists travel past a fountain in a metropolitan area .
a man in red and yellow suit is riding his bike through the field .
a man wearing a green outfit is carrying his bicycle in front of a rouleur sign .
pilot stands next to cockpit of airplane with open door .
a musician holding a guitar soulfully sings with his eyes closed .
a soccer player is attempting to score a goal .
"two children , an older boy and a younger girl , are walking down a sidewalk wearing their winter coats ."
a goalie is watching the action during a soccer game .
"two young boys are in a wrestling match , on a mat ."
a teenager doing tricks with his favorite bicycle .
a kid wearing a red outfit and sandals in the bed of a dirty pickup truck .
a man in a white shirt is playing tennis .
a professional tennis player returns a shot with a back hand from no man 's  land .
this man is doing a jump on a bike .
"a woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a  "" telephone booth ""  , smiling as she holds a small shovel ."
a child stands near a fence .
little girl in pink bathing suit jumping through a sprinkler toy outside .
two miami heat basketball players are having a funny conversation .
a man wearing a red and blue shirt rides a motorcycle pulling a trailer-load of equipment .
a guy with no shoes trying to get on his bike .
five people in walking in an alley near a rickshaw with a cat sleeping on it .
a group of adults plays a board game at a table
the man drums while using his earpiece to keep pace with the music .
a young boy is petting a cat on an autumn road .
three women playing volleyball and two are jumping to attempt to block a shot .
two soccer players fighting over possession of the soccer ball .
two hokey players go head-to-head as the ref frantically gets away .
little girl in a green child carrier placed on the round .
a cyclist wearing sunglasses and a silver bicycle helmet competing in a race .
man chiseling wood inside a building .
a surfer in a blue wetsuit catches a wave while spectators watch in the foreground .
woman looking at something in her hand .
"an unfortunate accident occurred at a racetrack , where a horse stumbled and fell to the ground , taking the jockey down as well ."
some older people are playing an ancient game .
a group of four men performing a tumbling act on a striped floor in a dark room .
water polo swimmers competing for a loose ball .
a fashion model is posing for the camera wearing a revealing top .
a woman carrying bags walks through water as her dog follows .
"two people walking with hobo bags , one is a short female and the other is much taller and dressed like a clown ."
workers are sorting fishing line .
musicians on a stage with green lights shining on them .
the bearded man in the trolley is applauding to his fans .
a young man in blue and one in burgundy are in a wrestling competition .
a young girl in a white outfit and flip-flops is holding two cages
"two women are posing on a stage with a darkened background , with their arms raised slightly ."
a man with gray hair wearing a tan shirt is browsing a collectibles store .
"a man on a bicycle rides past a park , with a group of people in the background ."
a group of people stand and sit near a large flag while wearing traditional clothes .
"in the pouring rain , a marathon runner smiles big as he approaches groups of bystanders , as the pace car drives along behind him ."
two runners are neck and neck as motorists ride behind them .
a man with the number 5003 runs along a street during a race with a house and moss-covered wall in the background .
a man who is extreme biking down a trail .
two race horses run down the track with number four ahead of number five .
people dancing at a party .
a man in a gray shirt takes two pies out of the oven .
people dancing in a room with a british flag hanging on the wall .
a group of young men and women some holding drinks have fun in a bar setting .
a couple is dancing in a competition wearing pink attire .
four men are having fun on jet ski 's  .
a lady in a pink dress is posing for a photo .
two men are wrestling without any shirts on while a judge or ref of some sort starts to interfere .
the exhaustion in the woman 's  face while she continues to ride her bicycle in the competition .
a large group of competing cyclists are cycling down a road lined with trees .
a little girl is walking a dog by the water .
"two people are playing guitar , while a third is flaying the drums ."
a newly married couple rejoicing among guest .
"fireworks are going off , low to the ground , as people look on ."
a pregnant lady singing on stage while holding a flag behind her .
"a woman with the number 697 on her shirt , is running in a marathon ."
a man in a red swimsuit dives into the ocean .
a man is upside down on an outside gymnastics bar .
a man and women are kissing .
"two performers , one man playing a guitar , and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chairs performing ."
a newly married couple cutting the cake .
a man wearing a jean jacket tuning an electric guitar .
a grandfather playing with his family on a playground .
a man does a yoga pose using a tree for support in a rocky area .
a girl wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach .
a low wave is forming in the ocean against a gray sky .
a man in a blue shirt is running .
four men working at a craft venue with the sand and beach behind them .
"ow , my head , you silly a-hole watch what you are doing next time ."
a standing crowd of people watches a musical performance on a lighted stage .
a man is standing upright on a motorcycle .
two girls are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other is looking on .
a team of boys are playing football .
a man running through a field with a number 41 marked on him .
a young male is standing in a street holding a backpack .
a young girl with glasses and black necklace is blowing smoke in front of the camera .
"three people are seen on a beach during sunset , one is jumping ."
a middle-aged man in a beige vest is sleeping on a wooden bench .
there is smoke in front of a girl with glasses and lots of necklaces .
the young men are playing a soccer game while the man in white is holding the man in blue .
a family is sitting in a hut .
toyota rally car plows through a deep puddle of mud on the race course .
girl playing basketball in a high school gym .
a woman is running through a field in the rain .
the dog runs through the grass carrying a stick in its mouth .
"an elderly man plays a tambourine in a concert , with a trumpet on his lap ."
students are preparing for their band demonstration .
an asian woman is in a rice paddy with packing boxes .
a construction worker on a grim day shoveling dirt .
the black team is about to lose the championship against the blue team .
a woman in fishnet stockings competes in a roller derby .
"at a skate park one man skateboards , one rides a scooter and 2 men record the skateboarder from below and above him ."
"two classical dancers , a man and a woman , performing on stage ."
three older men and one woman sitting at an outdoor coffee house against the stone wall .
a surfer being towed by a boat has hit a wave .
a man wearing an orange shirt is running in a field .
a little girl gazing out the window of a subway .
a group of people in their kayaks preparing to race .
singer on stage attempts to get the crowd involved at a concert .
a basketball game with player in black uniform about to score while surrounded by players in white .
two young children play with colored balls .
a man in a black vest is playing a guitar and another man playing a guitar beside him .
a man is dressed in replica ninja garb .
a red-haired lady wearing a blue apron is looking down at some papers .
excited girls gather together at a volleyball match .
a black old woman with gray hair is holding onto a yellow flower .
two basketball players jump in the air as one is about to make a slam dunk .
dirt bike racer in the air with one hand on the dirt bike and body in air .
a horn player toots in front of a performing band .
a male and female hiker peer out over the mountains .
bearded man wearing hat in front of an out of focus background .
two women and a man are singing into one microphone .
youth soccer game on a sunny day kids looking around
three children are playing with a ball on a wide expanse of grass .
a football player throws the ball as other football players look on .
a football player is running with the ball and breaks a tackle by the defender on the way to the end zone .
a woman is sitting on a stool and playing a guitar with a smile on her face .
a mustachioed man with a plaid shirt and cap plays an electric guitar while standing at a microphone .
boy wearing blue cookie monster shirt holding up a leaf from the fall .
attractive young woman takes a moment to stop and smell the flower .
a dark-haired girl colors with orange chalk on a pink desk .
a man is sitting down and he is surrounded by shoes .
a person crawls through a snow tunnel .
a group of kids playing what looks like violins in a band class most likely in a school .
"two wrestlers are fighting , the wrestler in blue has the advantage ."
three older ladies have finished their meals at a restaurant and are listening to somebody talk .
a group of people standing in a restaurant .
a group of people in blue and black band uniforms with light green or red plumes on their hats are walking through a crowd .
two kids wearing blue are ridding horses .
the boy in the blue shorts is carrying a bucket on the beach .
a man in a white sweatshirt standing over an open grill .
"a man trims off excess salmon , so that it will fit comfortably onto a wooden grill plank ."
"two women , one with red-hair , stand outside a store ."
a lady running a relay race is running barefoot through some water .
a handful of construction workers build a wall in a trench .
a cat is watching the movement of a young girl who is playing with a toy airplane .
downhill skaters wear padding to protect themselves when they fall .
"several males of varying ages holding on to a car , while on skateboards ."
runners race through knee-deep water in a marathon .
walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky .
a lady using scissors to cut .
a large group of young ladies dressed in running shorts at a starting line for a race .
a group of long-distance runners compete in a competition .
a basketball player prepares to make a throw while his opponent defends .
"a girl running with a basketball , while another tries to steal the ball from her ."
a skilled surfer grabbing the tip of his board while the rides a wave .
a young smiling girl in a hat crouched in a field
a soccer team in yellow and black uniforms poses for a picture on the field .
a black and white dog following behind some spotted geese .
some cars and many tents are set up at the foot of a mountain .
a young boy walking through the water with a net with waves behind him .
a brown and white dog with a pink frisbee in its mouth is humping over a man 's  back .
people walk around in an area with blue seats and a large tv .
a group of people are sitting on a sofa hugging each other .
a young couple sitting in a black chair smiling .
a man and women sip drinks in two leather chairs .
people enjoying themselves at a party .
the woman holding up four fingers has the attention of the young man in the blue dress shirt .
a man in front of bunches of bananas in a black jacket .
a group of people are swimming in a river or small body of water .
a kid splashes in the ocean .
"three girls , wearing the same pink dress are standing on the beach and looking at the ocean ."
local children play tug-of-war in front of a crowd .
a man in a green shirt enjoying a meal and drink .
a girl wearing a blue and pink bathing suit jumping into a pool .
a young woman sits on a bench peeling shrimp over her plate while the boy sitting next to her takes a break from his meal .
a group of military aid troops are sitting down filling out paperwork in a room .
a smiling child is swinging on a swing .
a professional baseball game that includes the los angeles angels of anaheim .
"a woman goes to play the ball in a game of beach volleyball , while spectators watch in the background ."
a lady with black hair grilling shrimp .
a worker with his face being hidden by steam from a stove .
a man in a white outfit is washing a tiled surface .
a passer by checking out what is under the covers of the cookers on the table .
a man is performing with fire sticks before a crowd outside .
a small child is hanging upside down from an adult 's  shoulder .
people attending an event in a park .
a skier with a brown jacket does a trick in the snow .
two children in an enclosed dog bed with the dog .
a small boy in the bathtub spits water .
woman and child enjoy the view from te lakeside .
two guys are sitting in a room together .
a child riding down the street on a skateboard .
a young boy wearing a large hat reaches to catch a frisbee .
two men playing horseshoes .
a young girl in red pants plays in a water fountain area .
a boy is riding a dolly passed two 1950s cars .
a young man on a skateboard performing a trick atop a paved hill .
"two men are getting dressed , and one of them is fixing his tie ."
student sit in a classroom as a teacher dressed in green lectures .
a man in the foreground exercising on a weight machine and a woman in the background on a treadmill .
"a man with white hair , a long trench coat and an umbrella walks past a parking meter ."
a woman is walking down the street holding an umbrella .
"several people , including a man in a pink and black striped shirt who is taking a picture of something off-camera , are in a city park ."
a sheepdog is rounding up a herd of sheep .
a young kid is having fun playing with a ball .
a small child in a red shirt stands in the middle of the street .
two men wearing gray tank tops and khaki shorts are standing on scaffolding outside of a brick building .
a young boy plays with another boy on the playground .
a little boy in an orange sweater and sunglasses plays at the beach .
a boy in a plaid shirt wields a shovel on the beach .
"a person is standing at the top of a large , rolling sand dune ."
workers are putting linens in colored water .
this thai boxer is practicing a high leg kick as a warm up before his fight .
a male army medic is handing a small child to her father .
a man talks to a woman on a city street corner who is wearing high tops with pink shoelaces .
a small boy is looking at footprints in the snow .
"a man with a beard , and wearing sunglasses , is playing the drums ."
some people are riding a raft down a white water river .
two little girls lie on the carpet next to an o made of wooden blocks .
one tractor trying to pick up another .
a woman and a little girl are playing with a ball in the pool underneath some water chutes .
a man picks coconuts from the top of a tree .
a muscular man sitting on the ground cutting fruit in half with a machete .
a boy in a red suit jumps into a pool .
a man in a checkered blue shirt is sleeping in a recliner chair with car keys in his lap .
a man wearing a hat is selling sunglasses outside .
"a group of people standing on public transit , two in the foreground are reading newspapers ."
a crowd of people at a jewish celebration .
an overweight man and woman are walking on a street past a coffee &amp; tea shop .
a cowgirl is riding a horse while chasing a brown bull .
a woman in a cowboy hat on a horse chases a calf around a dirt ring .
dog swims in the water
a man is working on a earthen structure with a pickaxe .
a man wearing a winter hat creates pottery .
a man in a black hat and a blue jacket is holding a hammer .
a man wearing an orange shirt is working in a mud hole
a woman in a long brown coat tries to cell brooms to two men .
two men busy hand crafting items in their shop .
a shirtless man is sitting on the ground holding fruit .
two black dogs playing with orange object run across grass .
several individuals getting together to play the bagpipes and eat some cuisine .
a man shopping at a department store next to a lot of candy .
a man wearing headphones works on a laptop in a dimly lit open-air room .
woman sitting on the edge of logs while calmly located in a rice field .
a man shows a young boy how to sweep in the streets of an asian city .
two men shouting at a woman in a marketplace .
a man in a black long-sleeve t-shirt is excited to try some food that has been set out on a coffee table .
young blond woman putting her foot into a water fountain
a fabric worker looking intently at the camera pointed at him .
a man in a red hat bending over .
"two boys with blond-hair , wearing striped shirts on a bed ."
several children are climbing large rocks in a park .
black dog with collar jumping up with a stick in his mouth
an asian street craftsman fashions items for sale .
three men work to moor a large boat to the dock .
a zoo handler engages in an activity with a white tiger .
a boy wearing dark clothes is lying on a red blanket at the opening of a tent .
a little boy is playing in a blow up toy .
three people in a room with a woman in a black shirt and neck scarf holding a drink in her hand .
a man in a yellow shirt inspects jewelry at a jewelry store .
a man with a white shirt and blue pants cooking a healthy meal with vegetables .
a pizza chef is concentrating on something .
a woman is reading another woman 's  palm at a blue table .
a dark-haired woman is placing a label on a cigar .
two ladies get food ready to be served .
a family is posing with spongebob squarepants .
"people passing through an open market , while an older woman leans in front of a chilled bin on=f seafood ."
a construction worker is balancing on some scaffolding .
"there is a man who is working on a cake decoration with a small , thin tool to help him create intricate shapes and designs ."
a man with a beard in coveralls at a seafood market .
"lady with her hair up in a bun , in a tank top and khakis looking at a bright light ."
a reporter talks to a woman while onlookers watch .
a conductor in overalls and a blue hat stands outside a car of a locomotive .
a window cleaner balances himself while he dries the window .
a gentlemen in a burgundy long-sleeve shirt is at a fruit stand selling watermelon .
a very happy looking young woman preparing a snack .
a man is going through his scrap book and admiring the mementos from his travels to china .
two men on a cherry picker putting up a billboard of a woman .
"three women and a man dressed as the  "" naked cowboy ""  in new york ."
a little boy in blue doing bike jumps .
ypoung girl with arms crossed over her heart wearing a bikini setting in tall grass in front of a body of water .
two men rustle horses during a rodeo .
"a man wearing a cowboy hat , riding on a bronco while another man in a white shirt comes to his aid ."
the lady with the shopping cart is surrounded by toys galore and various children 's  bicycles .
four kids are watching television while sitting in chairs .
two men are eating food in a cafeteria .
four young men holding cups and food are in a huddle .
two people are walking past an industrial building .
street vendors with nescafe carts talking to each other on a city corner with christmas trees .
two ladies are selling fruits and produce on the street .
a maintenance worker on hands and knees cleaning out drainage ditch .
a man is resting his head on the table with his eyes closed .
a group of people are walking while holding numerous baskets and rugs .
a bearded man sits at a bus window .
a group of pictures in frames are arranged with colorful flowers placed in front of them .
a girl in a white shirt and skirt playing tennis .
a man is vacuuming a carpet while a toddler is pushing a toy vacuum next to him .
a young boy excitedly shoots a basketball .
"a crowd watches as several women pull on a rope , perhaps playing tug-of-war ."
two kids play hockey on a pond .
a guy with a golden hair is chatting with a guy with a red-hair on top of his head .
two women tend to some animals .
these two bike riders are enjoying a trail along a river 's  edge .
a man is preparing a hot beverage .
"a man with hairy arms and a watch pours creamer into a cup of coffee , making color ripples along the surface ."
two kayakers; one paddling and one in the water .
grandpa is demonstrating how the big yellow drill works so the boy will know how to handle the orange toy drill .
a young asian girl with a white bear stocking hat .
a teacher and her students are in their classroom all wearing winter jackets .
a performer showing off their skills at a show .
a man is sitting beside a bunch of material while sewing .
an old man stands next to a vise .
"a man in a blue shirt and a young girl in a purple shirt in an arid , rocky area ."
"happily , a young woman tries out her new oversized rope swing ."
a man with a colorful hat is sitting next to a variety of tools .
a man contemplates his next move as he remodels his space .
a man with a long maroon hat is drumming on a black metal bowl .
a woman plays guitar for two small children .
man reads to his son while mother spends time with the other child on the sofa .
a woman wearing a pink tinkerbell jacket leans against a railing .
two senior citizens are watching as a small boy frolics and plays .
a clown dressed in red and yellow holds something to his mouth .
a man in a wide-brimmed hat is sleeping against a column .
two men and a woman are in a recording studio .
a black dog stands on top of a brown dog on the grass .
many people sit or stand around the fountain near the space needle .
"a girl in a checkered , green shirt jumping in the air ."
a man climbs a mountain .
"a boy in a life jacket jumps onto something yellow , out of frame ."
five construction workers building the side of a gray building .
two women are eating out of several white dishes .
a man wearing a backpack is jumping off a pier .
a man in a yellow short and shorts juggles knives .
a dog is jumping in the grass .
a lady with a red shirt on holding a cup of flavored ice .
women in costume stand on a stage .
"two young men work over a grill , preparing and serving food on sticks ."
the two women and the boy are sitting .
a man is sitting alone on a couch in a log room .
a man in straw hat is painting .
a group of men on stairs leading to a large body of water .
a bride laughs as an older man speaks into a microphone .
two females in bikinis are playing table tennis at the beach while another female in a towel watches .
a white dog runs along the beach
two aurora firemen having a conversation in front of a storefront .
a married ethnic couple celebrate among peers .
a little boy in a taupe sweatshirt tries to catch a green balloon above him .
several children are around a table with a light blue tablecloth .
several woman walking down the street dressed in pink and other assorted people .
a man and a woman are standing in a field .
a man in a crowd is holding camera equipment as if he is about to take a picture .
an elderly woman selling rice on the street corner .
"people are in a kitchen , two of them are sitting at the kitchen table ."
a disk jockey mixes the music as girls dance behind him .
"a woman in a tank top is sitting and knitting at a table , with a bottle of something to drink beside her ."
two women pull on another coat .
a woman relaxes in a outside spa on surrounded by majestic mountains and wide open dessert fields .
"this girl puts the bird in snow , and eats it later ."
a person hangs from a safety rope as he climbs down a large cliff .
a guy with a yellow bracelet cutting into a cake .
two men are sitting in an airport waiting area writing in notebooks .
a girl plugging her nose underwater .
"a woman with gray slacks , blue shirt and sneakers is sitting in a chair writing on a pad ."
two young men play trumpet in traditional mariachi dress .
three people in blond wigs and black dresses singing into microphones .
the man is walking with a young child outside .
a man and young boy asleep in a chair .
a group pf people attending a celebration
a group of people ride their bicycles on a city street .
a person in midair doing a back flip .
a dog is jumping up on hind legs with its mouth open .
a man in a blue shirt is cutting the wood .
a boy in a black swimsuit playing near the water .
a woman talking on a cellphone inside a large building complex .
the man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain .
a brother and sister taking a moment to giggle and have fun during karate practice .
boy and girl practicing marshal art on a blue mat .
two adults are playing on a children 's  swing set .
a man holds a large fish on a boat .
a group of men are doing house repairs .
a man wearing a black hat standing next to a black pole .
firemen are putting our a fire .
"the brass section of an orchestra , mostly school-aged , performs a piece ."
three children climb on a livestock fence .
a man with glasses and a long-sleeve green shirt admires a komodo dragon .
the toddler is trying to drink from two sippy cups .
woman in white shirt and blue and white shorts walking .
a dog runs through a field chasing a ball .
a young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon .
child swimming underwater with a toy in his hand .
a woman kneading dough in her kitchen with bare hands .
a man pours batter out of a silver bowl .
a man is taking a picture of something you ca n't  see off to the right .
a woman running after a child on the beach .
a man is climbing up a very large rock .
a lone boat sitting in the water .
a man wearing a brown t-shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a chanel store holding a walkie talkie .
a man is preparing food on a grill outside a home .
an elderly man stands alone in a suit and tie outside a store .
three little boys with nets looking for bugs to catch .
in front is a guy singing and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back .
a little girl is running through the incoming surf on a beach .
asian school children sitting on each others shoulders .
a man in a tan colored shirt cutting food .
a man with glasses is sitting at a desk holding a phone and some papers .
a man taking a rest in a shallow river amid the rocks .
"a fisherman is standing on some rocks by the sea , illuminated by the sun , which is near the horizon ."
baseball player looking out into a stadium crowd
"a tourist walks down the street , camera in hand , trying to find something worthy of a photo ."
seven adults sit around a fire pit having a conversation .
a boy is leaping over a blue hose pipe as a little girl watches .
a small dog on a leash is being smelled by another animal .
a woman in a white shirt and glasses is painting a white wall green .
a boy wearing red crocs climbing a tree .
a girl wearing an orange shirt holds onto poles and looks down .
a room full of people dining at round tables .
a man with glasses and a white dress shirt sits along side other women and men at a dinner .
a woman is kneeling down near the water .
a young boy stands behind a woven mat under a roof of palm fronds .
man playing electric guitar live during a concert .
a guy in blue jeans with a black shirt has his hand in his pocket .
one young girl pushing a toy while her twin sister looks on .
two men and one woman sit at a table eating a dessert .
a male is mowing the grass with a lawn mower .
the yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle .
girl swimming in a lake underwater .
a boy in a light blue t-shirt and red shorts runs forward as he is swinging a baseball bat behind him .
people are ice-skating and walking across a frozen surface with the adobe building in the background .
a guy in a black jacket and blue jeans holding a large arrangement of roses while walking down the sidewalk .
two girls sit beside a river under a tree
somewhere in a hot dessert a couple of people walking along and some on horses .
a young boy standing on the sidewalk while a man lifts up a bag in the background .
a small dog jumping threw some a lake
man and young boy singing together using microphones .
a man in jeans and a purple shirt hard at work building a deck .
ice sculptures take on a whole new meaning in alaska .
a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline .
a puppy dog is playing with a tennis ball .
a man in a black shirt enjoys a snack while a woman in a white shirt looks confused .
a young man sitting and petting his dog
group of people under banner with symbol on it .
a group of people are preparing a hot air balloon for flight .
a person in a black jacket in the middle of the road .
"a man wearing a checkered shirt , cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench ."
a woman with glasses about to take a bite out of a huge cookie .
a boy is posing for a photograph on the beach .
the child wearing a cap is holding a fishing pole .
a man in athletic wear inspects a black and red bicycle .
two men clean the outside of a building under a blue sky .
a small baby sits on a bed and smiles .
a girl in a blue gymnast outfit is jumping and doing the splits .
a man in fishing overalls in the water .
"a young , blond girl is standing outside and blowing bubbles ."
lone skier walks through the snow .
a marching band in red and white uniforms .
a woman climbs up a cliff
a woman wearing a hat selling something to an older women with white hair .
three boys play along a decortive wall outside of a building .
a man wearing blue jeans and a young boy wearing a brown shirt are playing in the backyard .
a backhoe digs out dirt at dusk .
a woman pulling a wagon with a girl in it across a frozen lake
a bearded man with animal hide coat and hat .
a girl sits at a table in front of a plate of food .
an older woman is turning backwards and screaming .
similarly dressed children are playing soccer in a rocky field in front of a building .
a black woman with a hat on is weighing fruits and vegetables .
several patrons are standing out in the rain to get snacks from a street vendor .
a boy and a dog stand on a dock watching another dog .
a man with glasses on and a bandanna covering his mouth is looking out through a window .
a person is sitting under a purple umbrella on the beach .
a young child stands in front of a mirror and has trouble taking off his red jacket .
"girls in swimsuits , holding hands and leaping into water ."
a young boy in a yellow shirt plays with some equipment .
a little girl with inflatable armbands is jumping into the pool
a black dog with a red collar has an item in his mouth and is climbing out of a pool .
a man sits in front of an atm machine while another man uses the machine .
a man with a white hat is sitting at a table listening to a man sing and play the guitar .
a group of old men gather around a car .
a woman shears a sheep on its back in front of a red-brick wall .
a woman in sweater is touching a sheep .
a brown-haired woman kneels while gathering wool on a black tarp .
man in red shirt climbing rock cliff
woman in blue is tossing a young child into a pool .
a man sitting on a chair next to books is sleeping .
a man in a tan jacket and blue jeans sits and looks at the paper .
a mountain landscape .
a young girl in a pink jacket is carrying a rolling luggage bag
a man in a hat is walking in a parking lot .
two people doing their job well and showing off to the public .
people are doing various activities in a park .
a boy in a yellow t-shirt plays with a toy resembling a vacuum cleaner hose .
a big crowd is watching some kind of a game .
a beagle walking on the beach next to some waves .
a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid
"a woman working at a wine bar , wearing a white apron ."
a woman doing dirty handwork on wood .
a runner with one green shoe and one white shoe runs uphill .
a man in a tan jacket is singing into a microphone .
a boy licks an older male 's  face that 's  covered in a blue and yellow creamy substance .
man riding bike on trail
two men sit against a stone monument among snow covered peaks .
there are two men riding bicycles outside in the snow covered countryside .
man on bicycle trek high in the mountains .
the man on the bike is sitting on a gravel hill .
four people are looking at something on the wall in a waiting room .
two dogs are wrestling in a field .
a hiker navigates a rope and wood bridge over a large dry ravine .
a man is taking a nap in the train .
"a man in hiking boots , shorts , a blue jacket and a wide brimmed hat is walking through an area with pine trees ."
a young man standing on a patio .
rays of sunlight shine down on a green tent in the woods .
a man and a woman are making an acrobatic pose in a pool .
a man in a hat paints a wooden fence outside .
a fair in texas with many people .
"a young blond boy sits at the end of a dock , holding a fishing pole over the water ."
couples gathered in a brick building descending stairs .
a woman in white and a man in a black suit cutting cake together .
a father with his son walking on their front lawn .
a man putting on geisha like makeup in a mirror wearing a white shirt
a very dirty young blond boy playing in the mud .
"a team in yellow , red , and blue jerseys sit next to a road and watch a tiger mascot ."
a young girl wearing a tutu dances in a large room .
a group of people wearing light blue shirts and dark blue pants moving around all together .
a small boy wearing a white shirt pushes a gray shopping cart .
a woman with a black purse waiting at a an orange bus stop .
a dining room full of people eating and a waiter serving them .
two men are trying to push this very large inflatable golf ball
a child plays with a toy in the grass .
a man in red trunks flies through the air with a boogie board .
a group of young people talking and laughing .
two women and a man are in a sporty red convertible in front of a large group of people on the sidewalk .
a woman sleeping alone in a bed .
two pipe-fitters weld a seam joining a large coupling .
the man is holding a baby near a carnival game .
a man smiling into the camera while holding a decorative plate and a ink pen
a couple kissing at the top of the stairs on a sidewalk .
four young adults with two microphones make silly faces at the camera .
a dog leaping into the water near a motorboat .
two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river .
young girl wearing a two-piece bathing suit bathing underneath a small waterfall .
a little girl with curly hair with her mouth open .
"this guy , white shirt , and blue shorts taking a turn some where ."
a brown dog is running over snow near leafless trees .
a man with dirty feet laying on a step outside .
some hikers are crossing a wood and wire bridge over a river .
the person is walking in the mountains .
a group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting .
a boy in a green shirt is doing a chin up .
two men in traditional arab dress standing near a car wave at an suv in the desert .
people sitting inside a bus waiting to reach their destination .
swimmers leaps off the starting blocks into their race lanes at an indoor pool .
a man who just came from a swim .
a woman uses a sewing machine to sew on the side of the street .
a woman with a shaved head dressed in black and white in a parade
"two children , one male and one female are practicing outdoor rock climbing ."
an elder bearded man having a rest in a dilapidated building .
a woman is throwing water on a child in a plastic swimming pool in a rural area .
a dog and cat are fighting on a chair .
a child playing with a water hose while a woman records with a camcorder
a male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop .
a little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down .
a man mountain climbing up an icy mountain .
two people sit in the distance on an unusual rock formation .
a group of people are walking down a sidewalk .
a woman in a lab coat is looking through a microscope .
a middle-aged casually dressed man props his feet on his desk .
a cart containig two men being pulled by horses in the rain .
a white little girl hugging a black woman .
an ethnic street vendor smiles as he displays his vegetables and smokes a cigarette .
a long-haired dog wearing a pink vest and running
a man in blue jeans and a white t-shirt is working on a window with rail guards .
an indian man is talking to children as they cut a cake .
two women in baseball caps stand while facing each other in a crowded auditorium .
a child submerges from the water .
two girls are walking away from the camera under a walkway .
six small children sitting at a desk .
jewish men and boys r sitting reading torah .
a furniture store has gathered a large amount of people .
a young child in red and black winter clothing stands near a stationary train .
people standing with signs representing peace in their hands .
a woman is showing a peace sign while standing next to a child who is holding a balloon animal while eating food at mcdonalds .
a group of people walking by a lake .
construction workers are standing around the back of a dump truck .
a elderly women sitting in a coffee shop wearing a jacket reading a book .
two white and brown dogs up against a fence .
two men are using tools on this tree .
a male cop is writing a ticket next to a car .
a bagpipe street performer in front of a store window .
a man and woman holding wooden polls and practicing martial arts moves in front of a crowd .
a group of men are sitting down on the ground together .
a boy is sliding down in a red shirt .
an asian couple enjoy a sushi dinner
a group of sunbathers lies on the rocks on towels and blankets .
a person is walking with a white bag .
a woman in a red floral dress with cardigan takes a photo on a nature trail while holding a rainbow umbrella .
a man and a woman are making salads .
two men practicing a form of martial arts in a wooden-floored studio .
a man in a karate pose on a wooden floor .
people are standing outside of the cafe about to go in .
the two dogs are running through the grass .
a factory worker takes a break from his day to pose for the camera .
a boy in winter clothes slides down an orange slide .
a person is carrying a shovel walking down a snowy street .
a girl in green goggles in a pool with three other children .
the black dog has a toy in its mouth and a person stands nearby .
a man is doing a wheelie on a mountain bike .
"three men , one with his shoes off , are asleep on a bench in the park ."
five people are sitting together in the snow .
a female gymnast in a black unitard and viewed from behind prepares for a tumbling pass .
a woman on the floor covered in cake .
one police officer standing on the street along with three police officers on horseback .
a woman is speaking at a podium outdoors .
a elderly man holds a can behind his back as he strolls by a beautiful flower market .
a man putting together a wooden chair .
a gray bird stands majestically on a beach while waves roll in .
a man in a silver raincoat standing outside by a wheelbarrow .
a woman behind a scrolled wall is writing
a rock climber practices on a rock climbing wall .
two male construction workers are working on a street outside someone 's  home
an elderly man sits outside a storefront accompanied by a young boy with a cart .
"a man in shorts and a hawaiian shirt leans over the rail of a pilot boat , with fog and mountains in the background ."
